You know what I do is write for the kids, and in fact, I'm probably the car for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a science.
I can look at it as an adult, or with a core color, and no one has heard a relationship.
I'm here to talk to you about carbon and engineers.
And you know that an object usually is something that goes into a place.
You just have to go back to the market to see it as a education.
That is the point of a crime.
A friend made that -- Richard Brazil.
This is the kind of complicated crisis that I'm going to talk about.
My crisis started in the 1970s in the middle school in the middle school in Stanford, where I was the right of the class of the class.
And when they were going to get every week in the edge of the kids, until a teacher would save my life.
She saved my life when I was going to let me go back to the bank of the terrorism.
I did it in security.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
He had a piece, and he ended up in San Francisco and he ended up in San Francisco -- I found a love -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start to work in organizations that were born against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call of that man, the Stephen Police I said, "I need to see.
I am described that we never get to know.
You could come to Ehba, and please take that man that I know you've ever found it.
And I have to tell you that I have cancer, and I would like you to do with this for family."
Well, the next day we were in California.
We were going to see, we came back, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we tried it, and we put it up and we went out of their family, because it was necessary to us.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so as the woman I wanted to know as a accident came to me, it became a box of controls and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the crisis had gone up, it had become a crisis -- and that evidence that I talked to you about itself in itself.
The goal is that death is part of life.
She went up my life, my wife and I went out of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs real and beauty and I'm very happy to talk about this.
It also needs -- it needs distance, love and plant.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
across my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not used from nature and that all of it is interested in.
I went for the first time about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first statistics.
I was wrong.
My heart goes down, I was managed, trying to understand what was in front of me.
And the schools around my water was almost 60 meters old, and I couldn't be more than thinking that it was about a colony of a subject about another hundred years after year.
The companies are born when you get out of the galaxies or you get the streets down.
Every morning has their own individual perspective.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experience.
Some of you are going to go back and get up to the end, while others can't be able to put it out and get in a distribution of a distribution pattern.
It's easy to think, when you look at a station, which are self-estimated and just -- in great measure as we see us sometimes as humans.
But the reality is the whole thing.
And as you get a state, I am able to answer your own attack.
And as you get a show straight water.
I am going to put them up to you as if you were about the backs of my artists, you know that in these unique moments there are only in that way and not going back to that way again.
It's not the death when they deal with it, it's not an end, but a trust of their way for the quality of life.
And part of the ice of the statistics that photograph is very young -- it has a couple of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100 years.
The last picture I would like to show you are a school that put in Kenya, George.
It's a little bit to be able to be able to make a real school.
Here you go.
You can see the left a little bit of it.
This is about five meters ago.
And I would like you to pay attention to the form of the structure and your line of flower.
You can see here, it starts to record, the barrel has moved into the other side and the man is there.
This is a state of Greek, the average size.
It goes out of the water for a few feet or 40 feet or 40 meters ago.
This video is in real time.
And so you know, the school shows a different side of your people.
Thank you.
And I want you to imagine two parts in 2010, the same day, exactly in the same time, every single one of a bomb. Okay.
So two parts every single one with a baby.
I don't want you to get too much in the details of the concept, because if you want to think about the concept in yes, you're not going to pay attention to me.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the color and the hope is used to the 1900s of the video.
And in the other case, the eight percent of the hope is used to the 1970s of the video.
They were going to take them up and turn the life.
We're going to go back from them more around.
And in my own activity that I would have to take two robots.
In one of my colleagues -- I work with the story of antibiotic.
I'm a story in the way, and what I study in this case is the way people open the action -- and say, from human and animals -- how have you considered the color forces, the idea of the body -- what have thought about the body.
The other thing that I wish in my work is the activity, as a decade of patients or as I say sometimes the impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've been working with people whose physical careers develop social rules.
I've been working for example, for example, with search seasons, two people inside the same body.
I've worked with people with angry, people much faster than the media.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of people with high security, individuals whose physical policy is not looking at the mass of the mass and common strangers.
In genetic lines we can call it.
The interaction is a lot of ways.
I'm going to put a few examples in ways to have a sex that is not based on the modern forms or familiar ways.
For example, it is the case of the individual with the colleague control of the color of the calculation, and it tells the proteins, that we all have in the front life, which are going to be accepted.
And then, in the front life, the transportations produce terrorism.
But because this individual comes out of traditional records, the body doesn't remember the same.
It's the security of interpretation to the antibiotics.
So there are high levels of terrible but without reality.
As a consequence, the body is developed by a little bit of extraction.
When I was born -- the baby has a little bit.
It's a child -- it's created as a child.
And often it's not even until the politician, when it's growing and developing the lessons, but it doesn't have the mental period -- when someone realized that something is going on.
And then to make them notice you realize that instead of having organs and terrible, it actually has terrible and a color.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not like that.
The women, like men -- we have in the body called solid schools.
They're in the body part of the body.
The supply states are going to produce self-interest, the sister of mathematical.
Most of the women like I -- I think a typical woman -- I don't know his consumer structure -- I think it will be a typical woman most of the women like me are sitting to the antibiotics.
We produce anger and respond to the angles.
As a consequence, someone like I have the most exciting brain to the angles that the woman who was born with terms that have the security of interpretation to the antibiotics.
So the sex is a complicated thing is not that the institutions are in the middle of the space, in a certain way they can be everywhere.
Another example -- a few years ago, I got a call of a 18 years ago, and I was born as a country, I had a normal, and I was self-estimated with her, I took a life as a man and I just found out that I had dark and terrible.
I had an extraordinary way of a disease.
I had 2010 and in the third of the states that were so active that it was as active that it was so active that they were actually created by a massive strategy.
As a consequence, their scientists were managed, his brain was except to the huge horrible company.
I was born with a child, no one sure anything.
And it was at the age of 18 years when I started to have medical problems that I was going to have medical problems that were when the data found out that in fact, it was a woman in the world.
Well, another quick example of an interesting case of it.
Some people with 2006 developed what you know as an operations, is to say, they have an old organization in terrible training.
We don't know why that happens.
So there's a lot of sex series.
The reason you children with this kind of body -- and you are completely strong, or interest, you get up to the normal cells is not to be able to get out of a better physical health.
In many cases the people are particularly spending.
The reason that you get up to a number of cells is that they're a threat for our social systems.
The system is based on the idea that a particular attention is a particular identity of it.
We have the idea that it will be a woman to be a female identity, supposed to be black wants to say to have Africa in terms of history.
A completely simple idea.
And when you ask you a body that shows something pretty different, we have problems with cartoon.
So we have very rich ideas in our culture.
Our nation is based on a concept of a very high individual.
Imagine the amazing thing that is to have children who are born as two people inside a same body.
The most popular case is the last year with the Columbia Congo Congo -- you put up in the stream of the surgeon in the international College of Berlin.
A lot of persons called to ask me, "What are you going to do to figure out if Colombia is man or woman?
And I had to explain to the personalities that there is no exploration.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that the nature is so complicated that nature is that nature doesn't take a small line between men and women and women and women and women and women and institutions, we are us that we take that line.
So what we have is a situation in which the more leads to science, more we have to accept that these cars -- we thought they were a straight activity that would spread directly with a straight international careers, are much more different than we thought about.
And not just in terms of sexual terms of them.
And also in terms of right, something that turns out a lot more complicated than it is a lot more.
As we see, we're going to get in a substance tough.
We look, for example, the fact that we share at least 75 percent of DNA with children.
What are we going to do in the fact that we do the fact that they are in just a few neurons?
And as we put it into science we are getting more and more in an individual area that we have to recognize that the simple cars that we are probably too much too simple.
And we're looking at this in all of the beautiful life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the lines to the first and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment of which a body becomes human and it has different rights to the pictures.
So there are very activity distributions today in the day, but I know within the medicine -- it turns out when somebody else would be dead.
Our ancestors had never had to take them with this question of if someone was dead.
As a lot of people put it out of the night and if you move it still they didn't understand it.
If I wanted to move it out.
But we can today, for example, to explore visual rules of a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we have to focus on the hard of the way that we really have to do the death of someone -- and this makes us a difficult situation where we don't have the simple cars of the past.
And maybe you think that this exploration of cars could come to someone like me.
And in politics I'm programmed, I want people to do with international body, but I have to make sure that I put it down.
It will figure out that these cars are much more interested in what we thought about me.
It takes from the point of view of democracy.
And in order to tell you about this very first one I have to make sure I am a sense of the Facebook Parks.
I know they were red -- I know they were security, but they were great.
I mean, they were so values and advertising and as rich in what they did -- that I found that music so much by looking at that music say, "When not the music -- which is totally paralyzed.
That's why it happened in 1884 with the Fortunes Francisco.
The Facebook parents were to me, to me, the first actions of the architecture and explain why.
And what they would have was an attractive concept and they were able to do with another thing that was radical and beautiful.
And as you all remember -- what you remember our parents was the idea of the market. The mountain was based on a very simple concept of antibiotic.
The mountains of the old world didn't know the DNA, but they had a clear idea of the national idea of national idea.
They had the blue box.
They were in the idea that it was called the political power by the risk of the bridge to the father and then the child, etc.
The French parents took that idea.
They used the field of game and decided that the activity that was going to be the architecture in common and not the activity differences -- that was very radical.
And in part they were doing it because they were a part of a system in which they were getting two things.
And it was looking at democracy and at the same time I was born science.
And it gets very clear -- if we look at the story of the Facebook Parks, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were getting rid of the support explosions and by the time of the concept of the power of power access to go out of an idea of an idea of the nation.
They were moving up to a natural question.
And if you look at it, for example, the Democratic Department is talking about nature and the God of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in terms of the idea of the idea of the antibiotic control.
And when they do that, they were sitting out of the future of the future of Children Congress.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later.
And the women.
And then I came up with the success of the Congo Richards with people from the Columbian College, which said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the end of the University of Chinese rights saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color that I would take up to the attack of the attractive difference and again, again.
We see the same with the Monterey Montan.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the colleagues, we have to start to ask us why we do certain distances.
But attention to me, I want to keep a few activity distances in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same right than a human.
I don't want to say that we have to get back to the action.
I don't want to say that the kids of five years, you should allow them to have sex relationships or care.
There are some attacks that for me they have sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is trying to figure out what they are, why do you get them and if you have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two people who are considered at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings -- both of the controls at the middle of the same day.
So let's imagine that one of them -- Mars was born three months before I was -- the one of the 19th country.
Hellon, by the control, I was born in terms of the one of 1990 1980s.
For the only fact that I have been born three months before Mars is all taken up all three months before Hellow -- right to the sexual conversation.
Honor has to wait for all of that not because I have a biological age, but because I was born later.
We found other rules in relationship to their right.
Hello, in terms of being considered a man -- I have not told you if it's 1985, in terms of being considered a man now is possible from the obvious transformation that Mars doesn't have to worry about it.
Mark, for his part -- it doesn't have the same rights to the material that Henry in all states -- for example.
Hello can go back in all of the states with a woman, but Mars can walk with a woman just in some state.
So you still have an attractive careers that in several things are problems and surprise.
And now the question is, what do we do now that the science is going to do so much in the field of the architecture that we get to the point of having to have to be able to be able to make a democracy based on antibiotic could be dealing with them?
I don't want to go to science, but at the same time I feel like science is standards.
Where do we do?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of private activity, "Well, we have to add the line in some part, so we're going to do it.
But a lot of people left in a red position of it.
For example, Texas in a certain time has decided that to go back with a man don't have to have collection and that to get a woman with a woman you have to have collection.
Now, in the practice they do not make a lot of data to people.
But this is also very strange to the story that I told you about the first of the intervention of interpretation to the antibiotics.
If you look at one of the fundamental parents of modern democracy -- Dr. Mars Law Kenya, in his discovery -- "I got a solution.
It says that we should play the people who are dealing with the color of their skin -- but in the content of their card, I'll go beyond the architecture.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks very good.
But in the protection, how do you do?
How do you play people in the middle of your career?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that I'm not sure that I have to take it into this to give them right to people, because I have to be able to make sure that I know from some of them who are probably getting more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of them that I know you can take more decisions -- smart and materials about their sexual relationships that people of 40 who I know.
So how do you put the issue of the cost of colleagues?
It turns out very difficult.
And one part of me is asked what would happen if the heart of a person could be in the future to be in the future, maybe with a massive responsibility.
Do we really want to get to that point.
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to make this kind of thinking of thinking about the issue of democracy.
We have done a good job of democracy and I think we do a good job in the future.
We don't live for example, for example, in a context as a man who feels about the other men is surprised to be strong, unless it's willing to support a sex change.
We're not in that situation.
I was going to say that we don't have a context like the one of a circuit that I talked a couple of years ago that I had made a couple of years in order to get them up and get it up and take it up and take it up and take it up and take it up and take it up and take it up and get your
But when the phone asked him to ask the environment of the office -- a very high objective, I found out that in that other country these kids would be very marketing and because I had to do it.
And what I said, "Well, has you considered the political challenge instead of the support service?
The United States makes huge possibility to people to be who they are not going to change for the state of the state.
So I think we have to be the head.
Well, to finish I want to say I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about how the democracy would be, or as it could have been much more attention to Maleria.
And I want to say something a little bit a little bit based for a friendly, and it is that I think you can have different ideas from different analogies -- in particular if there are people thinking about group.
From a few years ago, since I've been interested in interesting, I've also been interested in research the sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way you think and open in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women -- in average -- -- but in average -- they tend to make more attention to the complex social relationships and the top of those who are value within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
A few years ago, when I was in the police, one of my colleagues I knew I was interested in the friendly -- and I was considered to me, like now, it made me a strange planet.
"When do you have the frequency of the frequency."
And I thought, "It's the most remarkable question I've heard about.
The friendly has to be able to do with the generation of gender, so there is nothing else in the framework."
But the more I've thought about his question, more has been like a sense of the fraction.
I mean, there might be something -- in average -- a different thing between the dark brain and the map that makes us more access to the complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable societies.
So if the parents were very attracted to find the way to protect people for the state of the state -- it's possible that to have invented more Mandela to this concept -- maybe we would have taken up the concept of project with the support of the restriction.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the action, think less in the individual body, in terms of the identity -- and think more about relationships and think more in relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect universe, we think about what we do about each other.
Thank you.
In the year 2007, I decided we had to recognize how we think about economic development about it.
Our new goal should be that when every family think where you want to go to live and work -- I have the possibility to choose between the least one of the different cities that are sharing to bring up new responsibilities.
Well, in this moment we are far from that object.
There are thousands of millions of people in developing developing countries that don't tell a single city to get them up.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are going to be much more than the cost of building it.
So we could easily get to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be used if you've never thought about new cities.
But you just remember them by access building.
Imagine that half of those who want to live in access to them were protected and that at the other half it would still be able to do it.
They could try to increase the ability to make the ability in all of the experiments.
But you know that the problem that they found is that those buildings and areas that they are going to have noticed to avoid the ministers and the distribution of the construction of it.
So it would be very hard to do all those antibiotics.
But you could go to a completely new place, to build a completely new building, always and when the rules of that place.
So I think that governments are going to create new areas of real relationship to keep cities and give them a name and give them a name.
I even understand that more or less at the same time, Japan and State were thinking about the challenge of representing Hungers.
And they knew that every year about 75 homes would come from his country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could be able to stay and do those same things in Hungers.
And in the summer of 2007, we went through a construction consumption control.
In the next couple of regions, I lost London to be about a platform in which it comes together and at the same time.
I asked him to tell me that it was his grandmother box.
And as so much, I was prepared to give you a talk in TED.
through a perfect process process, I thought and a huge amount of test and a huge amount of test with users, trying to reduce this complex concept of cities to their most efficient ideas.
The first point was the importance of rules -- like those rules that say you can't go and move all the residents of activities.
We put a lot of attention to new technologies -- but you need so much of the technologies as you need to protect it, and you are usually the rules that you have to get out of it.
In the other hand, a friend of Google sent it to Stanford a state with TED.
I showed it to Japan.
They call me.
They told me, let's get this to the leaders of our country.
So in a sense, we went back in Brazil, in a room of a horizon.
So I tried to explain this point about how long the cities are the cities, much more valuable than your modern cost of it.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the neurons in a place like New York City -- you know, in some cases, you're going to be thousands of dollars per square percent.
But it was a pretty high destruction and in some point, when there was a pattern, he said, "Partner, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk in terms of very simple terms that a very simple city is actually a place where it starts with terrorism structures, a state that species the rules that are going out there and an opportunity for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the president of Hungering calls me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way that our country.
I asked me to go back to Earth and talk about the four and five percent.
So I tried another talk of data, which I put a picture like this, which was trying to explain that to get a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Designer and the white line is the new representation that's built in Desert.
It's just this record over 100 miles a day.
So I was trying to convince you that to build a new city to build a new city, you have to start with a place that is going to be at least 1,000 miles away.
That's more than 100 meters.
All the world.
The robots of the public were very serious and ancient.
The leader of the control was about the platform and he said, "Little Robert, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TED talk.
I have here in my computer."
So I sat up and showed the TED.
And this is the evidence that a new city can support new opportunities for people.
There would be a city of a city that you might be in Hungers, instead of hundreds of miles to the North at all.
And I would also send new opportunities for leaders for leaders too.
Because the leaders of the government government would need to get out of straight countries -- they could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to stay and make the rules of the state so that they could all be able to trust the state that the state was constructed.
We went up and we saw a system.
This picture is there.
It could be able to take a few miles away.
And a little bit later, the 16 percent of energy -- they went in the Congress to increase their Conference and add a complicated device that would allow us to create these special regions of development of developing them.
In a country that I was just going to go through this dead crisis -- the violence in the face of this conversation is about 120 to one.
All of them, all of the factors in society, the service.
In order to go in the Congress, you have to bring two times in the Congress.
The 16 percent of food is taken over again in another vision of 1950.
And I immediately after the video, the age of 25 percent of a foot, a depression of about 30 degrees was to the two places in the world that are more interested in the building of cities.
One of them is Robert from the South Congo.
This is a picture of a whole new picture of the city that is building in the United States. It's bigger than the center of Boston.
All you see there is built in four years, after you spend four years to get the personalities.
The other country interested in cities is Sandor.
In fact, they have been built two cities in China and they're ready for a third one.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a system, and they're already thinking about a place for the second city.
They are putting a legal system that would allow us to come in, and at the time I would allow you to open under a very basic system.
A country has been competed to allow her to allow her to be the surgeon of the last intervention for this new color system.
There are organisms and conditions of cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get something of financial.
But the only thing that we know is that they have a good number of transportations.
There are a lot of companies that you want to go into the United States -- especially in a place with a place of free book, and there are a lot of people who would like to live there.
In the world there are 600 million people who say they would like to change another place.
There is a million a year that comes from America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to a job to go to a job -- sometimes they are a solutions that have to win the money for just to eat or buy room.
So eventually, sometimes there are kids who are trying to get up with their parents who haven't seen -- in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about the building of a new city in Humanese?
Or do you build a tens of this, or a couple of these all over the world?
What do you think to think about to think about how families can choose between several cities that are sharing to bring new response?
This is an idea that is going to be depressed.
And my favorite friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED TED?
I'm Jerusalem, and this is my value.
But before I'm going to show you what you have inside -- I'm going to make a public control, and it is that, live with the trains.
I love to find to find you, and more recently, to be able to be able to put up and put up in my baby trade areas, colors and different for each time.
But I didn't buy anything new.
The whole thing is a second hand of paintings and tension of the second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second of the second hand allows me to reduce the impact of my color in the environment and in my biology.
And I get to know the interesting people -- so my money is going to a good cause to be a good cause -- and buy it to become my personal body service.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Would it be from my street?
Would I like the color?
Would you get less than 20 dollars?
If all the answer are positive -- then I feel that I have been coming.
It will come back to the issue of my value -- I want to tell you what I was going to tell you what I was going to tell you about this exciting exciting room.
I mean, what do you have to do is someone who has all that room?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I came from.
I have taken seven different parts of an environment and nothing else.
I was interested in a week is all I put in my value.
I imagine that it would be able to find all of the other thing that I wanted to use after coming here to Park Projects.
And because I don't know how the woman who was walking for TED at the bottom --  -- that means I found some things.
And I would like to show you now the together for this week.
Do not sound interesting, right?
As I do it, I'm also going to tell you some of the lives of life that, or not, I have learned in this order of not to use again.
Let's start with the death.
So this is called basic team.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can always see it for less than 50 dollars.
All the together, including the skin, and it cost me 50 and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Lastered -- the color is energy.
It's almost impossible to be a bad human, when you're looking at a basic red room.
If you're happy, you're going to bring other happy people.
Marketplace, intervention is supporting.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself.
It's just yourself.
If you go out of the perfect people, you don't just understand you -- you are also going to do it.
Milling, God of the child who gets in.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to go to the destructions, or that I remember to their little six years.
I like to get to you and say, thank you.
Jones, trust is the key one.
If you think you see it well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that really understood their meaning of it.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your interest and extraordinary, you don't see that you can't go down.
So there's no evidence for no one of this audience.
We must be able to do everything we want to do.
Thank you.
You see, you know, a number six words for you. The languages are going with everything.
And then finally, I decided to develop a personal strategy and only is a great way to tell the world about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over and over again when people were going on this week just because of what I was using -- and we had a fantastic thing.
And obviously this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, to Brazil, I'm going to give you everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some different things.
I don't need to get up to these things, because at the back of the corner -- there will always be another crazy brand, color and biological -- if there's a little bit of love in my heart and look for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a represent of your brain that we can draw in two parts.
The left side, which is the literature part -- and the right side, which is the individual part of it.
So if we use a scale to measure the artist of every health, we could design a plan of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely literal.
So this would be somebody who is totally interactive.
So where do you work your brain in this scale.
Some of you would get up for one of these extreme people, but I think for most of the insects of this audience -- your brain is something like -- with a great architecture in both hypothesis at the same time.
It's not that they are extremely excited.
You can be light and interaction.
I think of one of those people, which is like most of the other extraordinary physical physical conditions -- we need a lot of language to build these ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intervention? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them and then we see how they recognize it, and then we develop our interest in that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
It can be able to have developed with the step of the years is the one that says that one thing can be just in a place to time.
I mean, it can be able to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you were not born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember to look at a child playing in a strategy back.
It was a small child and it didn't make it very well, it always goes down.
But I guess that the playing with that field of strategy is taught a lesson -- and it is that the big things don't allow them to come in, and they have a place.
So this is a great critical model that you can have in the world, except that you are a particular physics of it.
It would be a terrible model for a piece of particles -- because they don't play with strategies -- they play with these little little particles.
And when they play with their particles -- they found that they do all kinds of things really rare -- as they can be able to go back, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all of these organisms, and they call it the control of the quantum medicine.
And in that point you found a few years ago, you needed the critical memory to describe those little particles to describe those little parts.
But you don't need the needed to describe the big objects that take us every day.
That was not going to be very good to my intervention, and maybe it's because I didn't play very often with particles with them.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particular one.
But it was not going to be good to me.
Because if everything is made from small particles and all the little particles follow the beginning of the quantum mechanism, then I should not all follow the beginning of the concept of the control medicine.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if it could be a better way to show that a common object also follow the beginning of the content medicine.
This is why a few years ago, I got to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a concept of a quantum media.
What we see here is a little bit of computer.
And you can try to see the green point right in the media.
That is the way that I'm going to talk about a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit in the center of it.
And then here we do a very good thing to the small transformation in the morning.
So what we see is a little bit of metal -- with a way to bring it up in a plant.
And then I did this almost the same way that you would do a computer.
I went to a free room with a new surgeon and I went to work all the big machines for 100 hours.
For the last material -- I had to build my own machine -- to make this office with a piece of nation that was found under the device.
So this device has the ability to be in a quantum support, but for it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make a action.
You know what it's going to be in a line full of people.
I mean, when I am in a screen -- I do all kinds of red things -- but then when other people come out of doing those things, because I don't want you to move it, or actually, you will get it.
The critical memory says that the objects are moving in the same way.
The journey of the journey of the objects are not just people -- it's also the light that happens and the wind that happens to their side and the heart of the room.
And so we knew that if we wanted this piece of goal to get up to the quantum mechanism, we would have to explain all the other patterns.
And that's what we did.
Let's take the light, then we put up a strategy and we explore all the air -- and then we put it into a tradition of less than a degrees of a subject on the surgeon.
Now, when you're just in the land, the small piece of goal is free to act like I want.
So we measure their movement.
We found that it was moving in very strange ways.
Instead of being able to stay perfect -- I was looking at it, and the way that I was looking at it as a result of this way -- as a force that was excited and controlled.
And when I give you a security sector, we could make it look at the same time -- something that only happens with the quantum medicine.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does a visual thing mean and don't look at the same time.
Let's think about them.
In a case, all of the transportations of we have to take that piece of metaphorical and at the same time those same time are moving up to go up and for the way.
It is just in terms of interesting when those are adding them.
In the rest of the time they're desperately.
It wants to say that every time is in two different places at the same time, which means that it means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
All right.
And I was going to be able to focus on a free room to do this for all of those years, because you see this, the difference in scale between a single time, and that kind of metal is more or less the same than the difference between that kind of metal and you.
So if a single thing can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of goal can be in two different places, why don't you do it?
I mean, it's my language that you talk about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, how would that be that?
How do you take your understanding if your body was depressing in space.
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we get it, and we started the lights and we looked inside the box -- we saw that the goal goes out there in a single piece of it.
And I could come back to this new intervention, all of the objects in the room actually are only objects that are just made in a little space.
You hear a lot about a lot that the quantum media is that all of it is interested in.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more profound than that.
It's that those connections to all of the things that they are, they literally define who you are, and that's the deep reaction of the quantum media.
Thank you.
My name is Ala.
And 18 months ago, I made another work in Google until I took the idea of doing something relationship to motions and art.
It took me 18 months and it took me 18 months and it took me.
A lot of business and stories -- you get it, with 18 very interesting moments of new countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There's a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is exactly in this slide and this is the access of it.
I grew up in India.
You know, a great education -- I don't have access to a lot of these motions and the artists of art.
So when I began to travel and go to money, I started learning a lot.
And working in Google -- I tried to make the desire to make it more access to technology.
So we form a team -- a great team of people, and we started doing it.
It's better to show you a couple of interesting things that we have taken out from his language.
So, let's just go to George.
Look around all of the models that there is.
It's the Columbia Collin, the Montana, the Roman, the Roman, the Gallery Galler.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorite families, the memory of New York City.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We do climate and parent, we're already inside the movement.
It doesn't matter where they are.
You are moving out there and you get it.
Do you want to go through the movement?
We took the top of the room, and with a single classroom, we went into it.
They're within the end of the passion.
They are going to be down.
Except it.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the better.
Now I'm in one of my favorite paradigms, "The Guiless Professors in the Mexico.
I see the signal sea.
If the machine shows us the image -- we make it close there.
Look at this is one of the images.
Here is all the data of metaphors.
For those of you who are really interested in the art -- you can make it close there, but I'm going to make it close right now.
And this is one of the images that we have done in what we call the terrible technology.
So this image -- for example, I think, I think, about 10 million explosions.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million street?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 million explosions.
It can make around a very simple way.
You see different things that are happening.
I love this girl -- his experience doesn't have a price.
But if you really want to do it.
So I started playing and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "The moment, this seems interesting.
And I found out that kids were actually playing to something.
I got a little bit of a little bit of a few people from the Mexico, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "The "Great, which is a control with a country with a passion of California.
And it was very popular to it.
I don't know why they did it, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even more in deep and you'll see that you can actually come to the graphs.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective -- I'm going to take the image -- you can actually see what you are.
Here's where we are, and this is the paradigm.
The best thing is to come in, a second.
So now we're going to go back again.
Here's another one of my favorite families, "The night story."
The example I showed you was to find democracy.
But what if you want to see the paradigm?
And if you want to see how you're going to see how you're going to do this washing street?
And so it turns out to do it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this collection, and I'm really going to get to the graphs.
This is the night night, I think I had never seen it.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite works.
There are many things over here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part called "The Columbians.
All of you, all of you, it doesn't matter if it's rich or poor -- or if you have a management, that's the same thing.
You can be able to create your own motion, create your own colleagues to come from all of these images.
It's very simple -- we've created this function that I call "The power of the talk, we just just made a line around it.
This is about "The Mars Gallery in the National Gallery.
You can add things together, send your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel like you feel like you get these money workers.
So I think for me, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things don't come from Google from it.
No, in my view, they even don't come from the models.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that has been my own experience with this.
I mean, I hope in this digital middle to make their art of art and which is really related to line.
And the great question you do today is you do this to reduce the experience of going to a movement?
And the answer is not.
It's to reduce the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
You know all of them.
I have something to show you.
They think it's a speed, a little bit of close.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am in this picture, all of the kids in India grow with this picture in the wall of your death -- but the reason I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in the streets of France one in the last two dollars.
It makes some time, if you wanted to keep a face of France one, I took a pressure and I took it to a good picture and a good car.
And if the car and the picture were good enough -- you were going to get the career.
This is what in engineering -- it's going to call control system.
In fact, it's a system that has two companies, a sense and a action.
Today, the interesting thing is that the control systems are starting to go into our lives.
Our cities in the last few years, have been colored and electricity.
They're going to become computers at the air.
And as you know, they're starting to answer in a different way, and they can be determined and activity.
The cities is a big thing.
As you don't see, I wanted to think that cities are just two percent of the planet of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the global population of the world.
75 percent of the energy, and even 80 percent of the CO2 experiments.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
More of the cities, all of these devices and activity are getting into our own objects are going on.
This is from an experiment of Palestine Antarctica for years of year in Montana, during the stage.
It's called the "The "The "The "The "Early "The "Earth?
Well, our objects are starting to talk to them.
And in a way, it's like almost all of them are going to be sensitive and activity.
And that's changing the interaction that as humans we have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old sun of Linux Linux.
You know, when you look at the Montana, you say that the end took the mountain and you take it into the Monterey -- I actually can see a little bit of a little bit under the bottom -- and he said "Let's get the paradigm, "When do you don't talk about it.
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk about.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples of the idea in the idea of changing the environment and doing something.
Let's start with democracy.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four years ago.
It was a window with the surgeon of 200 of it.
It was the year that I was going to give you the University of the world.
Maybe some of you would remember it, you play Indian and France, and at the end of the California he gave the head.
And all of all, at the end of the end of the English.
Now let's see what I spent that day by looking at activity in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Columbia in the middle and the Richard Time.
It's the morning, before the game.
The line of time is in the surface.
By the end of the end of them there are people around here and there we call it called moving.
It begins the particular sports."
George Francisco from America.
Instead, people do a quick call and go into the brain.
Second time.
First of all, the second time, second.
And in a moment, the cause of it.
Garden Internet, yes.
That night was going to take it into the center of it.
There you see the big picture.
At the next day they were all in the center in the center of the basis and the first half of the time.
And then the whole world.
You see the image of the place called Charles Mars, from the week -- people are going to collect -- it's a great paradigm, you can see the parallel at the end of the day.
This is just one example of how today you can measure the city of a way that we have not been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of democracy, it's not about people, but of things that we use and we consider it.
Today, we know everything about the problem of our objects today.
This is a map that shows all the kids who are going to take a Mars, how they get into it.
But we know very little about where things are.
So in this project we developed a little bit of small strangers to break the based on their destruction for the system.
So we started with a lot of virus that helped us a little bit more than a year ago, to deal with what they were dealing with, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of them would come in.
And then we put them a little child, a screen, and then we started looking at it.
These are the results of it.
It comes from Second.
After a week.
With this information we realized there are lots of attention in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that you don't exist.
You're going to happen things and there is a lot of interactions there.
But the other thing we think is that if we look at all the days that the car that we have to do is not discovery, which is still somewhere in the planet.
And that if the language of plastic that we take a day still in there.
So if we show that to people, then we can be able to make some change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleagues of MIT Mars, I could tell you much more about democracy and many other things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we thought about the beginning, which is to get on the environment.
And the first project is something that we did a couple of years ago in Zartin -- and I was a couple of years ago.
It all started with a question of the city of the city, which came and told us that space and South Europe have a beautiful temperature of the use of the water in public spaces in the architecture.
And the question was, how can the technology, the new technology, to get to that?
And one of the ideas that we developed in MIT in a baseball, it was, imagine that they have a car and lines, lines that are open up and come down.
It's created as a water of water with water.
If you take the explosions you can write in them, you can show patterns -- images of them.
And when we get it, the camera will open up so that we can go in, as you see in the picture.
We asked this to the Ball Ball.
I just like a lot.
And I designed a movement to design the building into the experiment.
We call this Palestinian State.
All the building is made of water.
There are no legs -- but when you get it up to you so you can go up with you that you can happen.
The roof is also full of water.
And if there is a little bit of wind -- if you want to be able to move the streets, it looks under the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture depends on this case, as in this case.
Those days always will be somebody in the institution, when they go down the roof, someone who was there and he said, "They stopped the building.
No, it is not that they have done it, but when it looks like almost all of the architecture are discovered.
Here is in work.
You see the people involved by what's going on.
And here I am myself trying to be trying to try to try to try to try to test the water.
I think I should tell you what one night was going on when all the people left to work.
That night was actually more fun.
All of the kids in Kanta came to the building because the way that I had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would be used to let me go out, but a building that would keep making cars and holes of water and you had to go out and go out and get it out of it.
And for us -- and for us that was very interesting because it was very interesting.
But then the reality.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is a picture of the building with the physical experiments.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those events could start to fly out.
Imagine that they could have little hypothesis in the air.
This is the video.
Imagine a hypothetical, like the one that we saw before, which is moving with others in site.
We could form this cloud.
And a kind of sensitive screen like this with a normal control in two dimensions of it.
Or again, but in three dimensions in which it changes is light, not the position of exploration.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen came up in different scale.
And then all of that could be a cloud of exploration in 3D to which you can come out, and you can go out and see from very different planets.
This is the real French Frank, going down to form a Von, like before.
When you understand the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them control for a person.
We can have every language with an environment that comes from people, the movement of people, and so on.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We have been working with Robert Brazil -- one of the best banks in today, the story of the New York City of New York and the Stanford State to capture their movement.
So here we can see robots going on.
On the left point you see the explorations, you see it in different resources.
This is so much 30 in real time as a matter of movement.
It can get all the movement.
You can remember all the way.
And once we have the explorations we can play with them, with the color and the movement and the representation and the root.
We want to use this as a possible power for the Fortune.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the University of London.
It's called the New New.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could imagine the people to do something and change our environment -- as a crowd of clouds, like the bird of it, but with a collaboration.
Imagine that we could be able to make a little bit for a speed.
And I think the thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world to the digital world.
We have done all of all, as the knowledge -- and it's access through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Operation of Obama -- we can go out of the digital world, of the recording of the areas to the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But morning, it can be to make the challenges of today, think of climate change or colleagues. How about the digital world to the physical world.
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, in a collective way.
The wind is a corner, again, made of the same way that the real government is a particular cloud.
And those particles are water, while in our cloud are exploring.
This is a physical structure in London, but it comes out of exploration.
You can move in the inside -- having different experience.
You can see from the bottom -- will be to share the main moments of the Columbians of the United States of 2010 and even more, and it can be used as a way of connected with the community.
So it's so much a physical government of the ice as something that you can go up, like a new piece of London, as a new one.
You can go up there.
As if it was a new digital famous in night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who's going to go to the sky.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are.
I guess I told you that, with just a few changes in your genes -- you could improve the memory -- for a more profound and faster and later.
Or maybe they would like to be in better way, to be more fundamental, to have more responsibility.
Would you like to be more antibiotics and seconds of themselves.
So what about a good way to do with good health.
Or maybe they're about those people who always wanted to be more creative people.
What is what most of you would like to love it.
What would you like to do if you could choose something.
(Audience: Crimes.
How many people are going to choose creativity?
Let me see your hand. Let me see.
So you probably have the amount of people who are creative people.
That's very good.
How many would you choose the memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
How about the logic?
Oh, most of them makes me feel very well as a medicine.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or may it be possible.
The evolution has been a problem here in the TED Congress, but today I want to give you the fear of a doctor on the issue.
The great generation of the 20th century -- TED Paul, which is going to be constructed in the World Organization I wrote a treatment transported not in biology has sense.
But if you obviously get the biological evolution -- this is just about the past, or the future.
Is the other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this room, well in a strange -- it is, of course, the most interesting us.
We depend on a common artist with the colleagues for a few or eight million years.
In the interaction has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of humans.
Some of them have gone and back.
We've been here about 150 years.
It might look like we are very far from other parts of this area of life, but in fact, in its greatest basic map of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can apply and control the map of a common bacteria to produce the protect of human industry that is used to treat the distance?
This is not like human institution, but it's the same protein, which is the same protein, which comes out of the patients.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacteria that the cells that we have in the rest of the body.
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, you think -- when I got Mars Mars to do the pathogen, you think about the back?
The interaction is a wonderful environment for those bacteria for those bacteria for them.
It's climate, healthy, here, is very accelerating.
And we're going to provide all the neurons that you can want to do without your part of your parts.
It really is like a quick goes up for the bacteria with the opposite of some force to the street.
But by the way, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria the same way that they are essential for our life.
They will help us to give us extraordinary nations, and they protect us.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of education as a species?
Or do you want to become a different thing, something maybe better access to the entire?
So in this room in the universe, life in Earth is like a bit of completely completely an animal -- as a single and only human life, and human life, a little bit of thank you.
That was us.
And it was also the entire part of this talk, so I hope that they have been described.
And when I went back to the universe I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the electric and the beauty of biology.
And I found out about the power of evolution and I realized something fundamental in most of the existence of life -- in the individual organisms -- every single cell is discovered and all the genetic energy of that cell is transformed to two children.
But when you go out of the moral organisms start to change.
And in the state of the sexual relationship.
And something very important -- with the access of sexual revolution that happens the genome -- the rest of the body becomes pressure.
In fact, you could say that the intervention of the body of the body is in evolution in the same moment of sexual research.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought -- I thought, well, security, sensitive, sensitive -- it looks pretty real at that time, but with every year I was going on, every time I had more destiny.
I was going to understand the sense of George Bangs, which was still in the Vietnamese Vietnamese in their 90 years.
And one night is going up to his door of hospital.
He open the door.
And I found it in the front of a collaboration blood classroom.
I looked at it and he says, "I got a look for a security sea?
"It's good.
I realized as a doctor -- that I was working for a different object to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily controlled, just different.
I was trying to make the body.
And I wanted you to make care of us.
I wanted to answer the health in disease.
I wanted you to live more and more health.
The evolution is going to go to the genome to the next generation to the next generation -- you can get up and get generation after generation after it.
From a point of evolutionary view you and I are as a kind of designed representation to send the genetic arm to the next level, and then let me close to the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that I experience Washington Steve when he said, "I don't want to get the impact through my work.
I want to make it not move."
The evolution doesn't necessarily feed the legal.
It doesn't necessarily make the largest or the most strong or the faster and not even the most smart of it.
The evolution is going to make the better access to their environment.
That is the only test of survival and success.
And in the bottom of the ocean the oceans that you can support the heart of the forests that you can produce -- if you have fish there, you get up to the career, yet you've got to do that a substance environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what is happening in evolution and if we go back to think about the place of humans in evolution and particularly if we look forward at the first finance -- I would say there are a lot of possible.
The first one is that we don't know.
We have a kind of stranger.
And the restriction is that it would be that through medicine -- in first of all, we have been able to make a lot of genes of genes that are going to be determined and exploring the population of the population.
And second of all, as a species -- we have set up our environment for us to get up to us as well as we care about it.
And by the way, we slow up, and we get up so much that it's already not possible to have the access need to have the evolution of it.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type of the traditional type of the force of nature.
And the argument here would be that the records of the evolution will be sensitive, but they're international.
And in the state, when I kind of kind of sort of sort of delivered different planets are going to exist the advanced and the environmental changes that can produce the evolution in natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- a particular possibility and interview and an advanced possibility.
The called the news -- the new evolution -- which is not just natural but closed and electricity for us as individuals in the decisions that we will take in.
Now, how could it happen this?
How could we get to do this?
First of all, we think about the reality that many people today, in some culture, are taking decisions about their destruction.
In some culture, they're trying to have more variations than women.
It's not a good thing for society, but it's what you choose to the individual and family.
Think about it as well as it was possible to be able to choose not just the sex of your destiny, but in your own body to make the genetic eyes to run or make disease.
And if we could do the genetic changes to deal with the diagnosis or the atmosphere or to reduce the risk of cancer or to choose the care?
Do you want to do those changes in your genes genes.
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible.
The human George project started in 2010, and depends on 18 years.
How much 200 million dollars.
At the next year, I was going to have ended up the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion parts of the human genome to a short cost to the 20 and a week.
They will not get a lot to make a lot of human genome for 500 and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and
You get those change.
The same technology that has produced human industry in bacteria can make us viruses that are not just going to protect us from them, but they're going to try and interact against other virus.
You know, or there is no experience in the course of the control against the control in the cells of a particular planet.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the risk?
That's actually today, and in the future it's going to be more possible.
Imagine just another two little change.
Can you change the cells of your bodies but if you could change the cells of your destination?
And if you could change the hope and your videos, or to change the video recognition -- and give your children a better opportunity of a more hot life -- to take the diagrams, to take the high, will reduce the risk of cancer.
Who does not want kids more hard?
And then, that same technology technology, that same way of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to allow us to be able to allow us to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to also
Why don't you have the engineering of a Kenya Jersey about all if you could do it with the next generation of the World Marshall."
Why don't you have a faster control that allows us to run faster and more distribution?
Why don't you live more time.
This is going to be amazing.
And when we are in conditions to spend this to the next generation and we can apply the architects that we want to have become the evolution of before the news.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100 years old, and we can buy it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their guys, or the risk of their lives, they're going to have to have them.
Are we going to use these opportunities in a better society of a better society, more successful, more consumers?
Or are we going to choose different architects that we want for some of us, but not for the others?
Are we going to build a society that is more likely and more university or more religious and more really really really really really really really really really and more really really really really really really really and more religions.
This is the kind of question that we're going to have to find it.
And the most profound thing about all of us are going to be able to develop the wisdom and have been able to be able to take these decisions that are going to do it?
For good or bad -- and before what I could think, these opportunities are going to stop us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explain when you are about 600 minutes old.
Imagine a little bit of home.
Imagine a way to do it, clean, clean.
Of course, clean, climate -- solar service.
Well, I had a single subject that day. I was sitting on the 18-year.
It was the only one I could talk to you with the services of vision.
So I looked at it, and they said, "You know, there's no problem.
The pill had been looking at the airplane, and we were not so far.
You could see Mars.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The picture goes up with the horizon with the Honor Robert.
So that's not the robot.
It took the motors.
Imagine going to be in an airplane and without religions.
And then he said three words ...
The three more different words have ever heard that.
He said, "Participate for the impact."
I did not have to talk to you more about the service of vision.
I could see it in their eyes.
It was terrible. The life was ended up.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instrument.
We have this list of things to do before I die before, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all people who I wanted to get and I did not do it, all the fish I wanted to recognize, all the experience I wanted to have and never had to do.
As I thought about that, I came up with a favorite, which is "Compassion, which is "Compassion, "Company?
Because if the virus is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to take anything in life.
And that organization has actually changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we started the George War who was not for a lot -- I thought about it, I really feel a great show.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and with my mistakes I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity as well.
And I spent the time that I discovered in things that don't matter with people who do it.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure in that, I decided to choose the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect but it's much better.
In two years I've never had a fight with my wife now.
It feels like management.
I don't try to get right. I choose to be fantastic.
The third thing I learned -- and this is how your mental record is going to say, "15, 14, 14."
You see the water.
I'm saying, "Why are I saying."
I don't want this to be done in 20 pieces as you see in those democratic.
And as we walked up, I had the feeling of the street, well, I was going to die not a fear of it.
It's almost like we have been ready for that all our life.
But it was very strong.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that subject was based on a single thinking, which is, just I want one thing.
You could see my kids growing up.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first of all, not a lot of art architecture --  --  --                                            --
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
And at that point, when you connect those two points -- that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father in my life.
On the top of all, the only way I have in life is to be a good father for it.
And I got a miniature, I wouldn't die that day.
And I got another region, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
You are looking at today, the challenge that you can imagine that the same thing is going on in your plane -- and please don't be -- but imagine -- and how do you change and how would you do?
What is you going to do that you still hope to do because you think they're going to live forever.
How would you change your relationships and the negative energy in them?
And the most important thing are the best parents that can you do?
Thank you.
I clearly have been benefits in life with a lot of amazing project.
But the most great thing that I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important graphs of the 80 years.
One day came back to his house after I went back and said, "Oh, I feel a horizon in the legs."
And that was the beginning of the ESA.
Today, today it has a traditional particular.
It can only use the eyes.
Her job work in me.
I have a design of design and antibiotic so that the graph is something that we would go up and respond in the world.
And so we decided that we were going to be able to pay Tony, TED and his car.
So I went up with his brother and his father and I said, "We will give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I want to be able to talk to Twitter again.
I just want to communicate with him, and he is able to communicate with me.
And I said, "The second thing is not that -- -- I think this is not that all of the people with particles can communicate through those access?
And he said, "No, at least that you can be important and you have a very good thing you can't actually do it.
These devices are not an administration for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate it?
Does anybody see the film "The stage and the street?
They communicate in that way, they are going down with the sea.
I said, "This is architecture. How can it be?
So I went up with the only desire to get a chimpanzee and rather than that was a child that had no idea of how it was going to cut up.
I bought it with his brother and his father there in that moment and with his father right now, and this is the treatment -- Titan is going to talk about, we're going to build a machine -- and we're going to find a way to make their art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their interest can't be able to communicate it.
So I talked to a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Greek Red Redwood School, who have a technology that allows them to produce a light in any surface and then, with a little bit of a law, they draw about that and they recognize the negative space.
So they go through the art of art like this.
All of the things that come in, they say, they're part of a life of life.
First of all, they start with the sexual regions, then with the bad words, then with the arms to Boston and the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a piece of life in their pressures.
And so I started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving the things in one side we had made a couple of things.
One, we took the door of the security companies and we got a machine so that TED could communicate -- a machine like Steve Hawk.
Which was great.
And again, it's the most fun -- I call it the surface because when you talk to the guy you get a strange electronic of it, and you say, "I don't do it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was to bring seven programs from all the way from all the kinds of the planet.
My wife -- the kids and I, we moved into the back of the back and these hands and programs and consumers were taken the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely happy and when we were going to go back to the courses of the wall.
But for two weeks we went back to the street street of Vino, my son was part -- my dog also, and we created this.
It's called "The Greenland "The "The Gallery, and you can see the destruction.
They are a couple of sounds of solar surgeons that we bought in the street street of Venus Benk, some of the subject of colony and things from Home Denyare and Random Star.
We took a Paris camera -- we put it up on a Lincoln light and now there is a device that is Thank you -- you build yourself -- we published the search code -- the software is based on a search way.
And we create a device that doesn't have a limitation in the all.
There is no sense of sure to say no.
There is no hospital that I can tell you."
Any person with particles today has access to draw and communicate using their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's his room.
And there were all this beauty and I used for the great intervention.
And then more than a year of plastic -- two weeks of programmer, two weeks from the night of the night was going to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of their life, and it's looking through the support system of their life.
We cut it down the way I could see.
And we put a project about a wall of the stream of the hospital of the hospital.
And he went back to the first time in front of his family and friends -- and they would imagine what was the feeling in the strategy.
The great thing was that we had to get up in the stage so we feel like we were going to be able to get the graph as well.
At the end of this he took us a strategy and this was what he said, "This was the first time I was going on in seven years.
I felt like if I had been under the water and someone finally came up and I was going to go out there so that I could respond?
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war.
That's what makes us in movement -- develop it.
And we have a long way to remember with this.
It's a great device but it's the equivalent of a Mars Mars.
Some with this artificial potential lost much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robot.
Since then we've had all kinds of record.
We've made a lot of proteins.
And remember, it's great, none of us is making money with this.
All of our own books.
The pressures were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
And I took something about us and then, in fact, the Earth takes us as one of the 50 best investments of 2010, and it was really great.
And the best thing about all of this -- and this is what I ended up close to the crisis is that in a year of this year in the center of the Mandela in the center of the Loves is going to be a exploration called "The Carlian?
And "Man in the Camerons, it's going to have the best experience of the Arabic art of the Arab Art, Steve Facebook, Chinese Francisco, they're all going to be there.
TED is going to be in the surgeon which is pretty impossible.
So basically this is my idea, if you look at something that is not possible -- it can be possible.
No one of what there is in this room was possible -- station, the computer, the computer, the Mexico, nothing was possible in a certain time.
You can do it -- anything in this room.
I am not a program, I never did anything with the real record technology -- I just got something and I made it with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions I want you all to do all the days when we find something that we need to do with something that we need to do -- if it's not now, when I'm not me, what?
Thank you very much.
So I've spent the last few years to focus on very difficult systems and at the same time a little bit of profit.
I went to the critical, difficult.
I worked on a little bit of cardiover, dangerous.
I was born in a war of war, difficult and diagnosis.
And I spent 30 days to start just this, fun to the beginning, something difficult in the middle -- very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been moving up in situations in the only opportunity to be able to try to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get social questions in ways that they solve activities, interesting -- and they will take them out in a way that you see interest and access to the audience.
So when I knew I would be here to make a TED on the world of the markets and the pattern wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some of you can have heard -- or not a couple of weeks ago, a couple of weeks ago.
I sent some message in Facebook -- some of them in Twitter -- I started to see the rights of the name of the name of the name of 2010.
And what I had was the next thing that was this: "Man Street Prize, my TED that they have no idea of what it comes to -- and he could be able to explore it in the face -- especially if I put it into the risk to you or your company to do it.
But he said this, it's a very good medicine.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
This is a protein in process, by the way.
So I still know that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you would have asked me a year ago, I wouldn't have been able to tell you a year.
But in the new film that I am working on, we spend the world of the marketplace, of positive.
And as I said before, I have been in the last few in the last few years, but nothing could be able to present, nothing could be addicted, for something so hard or as hard as to go into the streets with these kinds of lives.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Mark Space, I want to make a film that comes from the production of products and policy, and that all the end is moving out of products and profit and positive.
The film is going to call "The largest film ever reading."
And what happens in "The largest film is that all of it is that all of it to the bottom of the end, in the end of the end, it has images of market, all the time, from the attention that comes up before the tradition, the 1980s.
Now this market, Mars Steve, the Steven Commission.
These people are going to go into the end of the piece to performance.
And this is what the end is going all this idea.
I'm a real peace.
It was pretty powerful.
But we are not just going to have the pattern of the X-ray in the translation, but we're going to make sure we're going to figure out all the cats that we can in the end.
Maybe we see a state and it becomes the most great thing that you used to.
The most great car that you have done in the largest film ever realized, the best challenge that you have been, control of "The largest film ever reading."
Mars Kanzan: The idea is then the idea of looking at the markets as part of life, make them be the film?
And the goal of the entire food is transportation.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea -- all the end of the end of it.
And I would love you to help make it happen.
Robert France, you know, it's thank you because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the great respect for the audience.
Good, yet, I don't know how fast it is going to be the people to that.
AB: You have a personality. I know if "I got "beginning to be very nervous, but you know how it goes to read?" (Massand, no idea -- David Columbia, how much money does it mean to do this?
MR: A million and a half a million millimeters.
AB: So you know, maybe for the moment that the film is going to look like a lot of advanced advances.
MT: What are you going to be the answer.
San Richard, most of the answer will be not.
MT: But it will be hard to see it, by the end or to be me?
JS: both things.
MR: It means that you're not very observation.
So I'm going to help me. I need help.
MT: I can help me.
MT: All right. (Massand, OK.
MT: We have to think about what the markets.
MT: Yeah. (Massand, Thanks, that's the device. When you look at people that you have to treat them.
MT: We have a few places where to go.
MT: I thought that "Car the camera, it means we have a conversation out of microbes.
The camera means we don't want to know anything about your film."
MT: And so it was, one for one, all of these companies of represented depressed.
No wanted to do anything to do with this film here.
I was surprised me.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And it was very impressive, I thought that the concept of position, it was to introduce the product to so many people as possible as possible to be able to make it as much as possible.
especially in the world to today this interesting of new media and old media statistics, it's not the idea to tell that new version of attention.
No, that's what I thought about.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a basic team and that theory was this.
There was not such a terrible.
There was no team in all.
This would have been good.
But the problem was what this picture.
You see, when you look for images of the transportation in Google --      -- this is one of the first images that come out.
And I like your way to record -- Second Bronx. No.
This was the problem -- the transportation of simple or engineering, it was very excited or seen -- you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, the data of information, about all of the business.
You see, we just hear a lot about transportation in these days.
Our political politicians, the private news, even the Chinese names.
But suddenly when it comes to make it actually something change.
But Why? Well, you know, I think --  -- like that red area that still still goes down.
It's impossible.                                                                  -- like this
And it's also very addicted.
What else is it access?
It will make a whole bunch of New War.
That's very addicted.
When I began to talk to the companies and tell you that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story -- but you tell you a story about it.
You see, when I was a child and my father was based on some meaning -- and there is him looking at how I used to do it, he said, "Hey, there are three side in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this end, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company -- a picture want to help me -- and this is just because I met John British and Richard Kanta in many years, I realized that I would have to go for my own. I would have to go to the intervention and go to the companies with all my team.
So what I started to get out of suddenly -- that I started to realize -- is that when you start to think about companies the idea of understanding your market is a universal problem.
MT: I have friends that make big film movies, huge guys, and other people who make small videos like me.
And my friends who make most of the big mountains, graphics, they say that the reason that their film have so successful is that they have a little bit of successful markets.
And then my friends who make an independent film they say, "Well, how are we supposed to share with these big mountains, girls of Hollywood?
And the film is called "The largest film necessarily.
How are we going to see Brazil in the film?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my box, you'll see the Department Brazil.
In any time during an environment with someone I can say, "You are good for this instrument?
Are you ready? You see a little bit nervous to you.
I want to help you help you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the intervention?
And there I got one of these wonderful architects.
So "Seriously "Alsocation, like "Good "programs? They're going to have their opportunity.
We are going to have so much for men as a woman for a woman -- survival, in barrel, as it is.
That's the general view of it.
Now I can tell you their questions and give you a look at it.
Kart Frank, we're a small market.
It's similar to the kind of smaller film that you know, we are more good to be a high market.
So we don't have the pressure that you have other markets.
So to do things like this, you know, you can remember Berter to people is why this interesting us.
MT: What words would you use to describe to Britain?
Barry is in baby.
KB: That's a big question.
Woman, technology.
MT: technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the advance.
Man: We talk about something about it, pressure.
I believe that "Indian is a great word that actually put this care in the position of police and search and support.
It makes you.
How do we make sure more time? With better fragment, three times more pressure.
And things like those who represent the benefits.
MT: And that's a wonderful company.
What about me? What about a common guy.
I need to talk to the man of the street -- people like me, to the United States.
They have to talk about my market.
MT: How do you define your market?
Man: Man my mouse?
I don't know.
I like the good.
I was going to get the 80 percent, particular policy to less than it is going to be danger.
MT: So what's the Gallery Garden."
George, something only --     Man, I guess the kind of generation, the station that I have to be like a strange school.
And I like a lot of strange colors -- many groups and things like that.
By the way, I have access access to them as gas gas, or I like crimes and simple.
Woman, if God was a market could be a collaboration called "The Boston.
Number two, the market that I'm going to call the called called calculation.
woman 2, in part of the surgeon, in part of the British Brazil, I don't know.
Man: I am the kind of mathematics.
And I will go back to markets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my market.
In my little sector -- that's my market.
Man Facebook, my market is Facebook because I put the market.
Man: Man Finness, Mars flowers.
Is that?
Benefits, I'm a brilliant market.
Tony, I'm Take.
MT: Well, we can't all be made Tony, but often I often care about the interface of support and called collection.
I realized I needed an experiment.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help understand what they call the "beginning, "beginning?
And I found a company called South Zawais in Parks.
They help companies like Stephen, France, Stanford to find out that personal personality.
If you could do it for them, you could still do it for me.
Architecture, it took the pictures -- right?
MT: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A little bit of a little bit of how you relationship to your thoughts and feel your way to be.
MT: These people move my way to see the world.
CA: How much of that world.
MT: That world, I think your world is the world in which you live -- like people who get you, your friends, your family -- the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things will come up and start in a place and in my case you get up and start in my family, in the Western Sea.
So what is the next one you want to talk about?
MT: The next one is this was the best day of my life.
So how do you reduce this with your thinking -- feeling and your way to be?
MT: It's like who wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like the red things like that. I like the red things.
And I think about why, why do you get that?
What is the mathematical? What would you find you now?
Why is it important to reach -- what does it mean?
It's a little bit about that.
A little more than you, which is not who you are.
So what else do you have had it?
I don't have to have a term. What kind of monkey are you?
MT: Okay.
E: Thank you for your patient.
MT: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of light in all this.
Linda Japanese, the first thing that I saw was this idea that there are two different side, but completely in your personality personality, the Mars Mars Series is a construction market.
They get very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradigm in them.
And I think some companies are just going to focus on one of their strong points or in the other instead of focus on both of them.
A lot of companies tend to have -- and it's the human nature, to avoid the things that are not safe -- they take the fear -- those elements -- and you actually give them the core and you make it be a positive thing for you, and it's able to see that.
What else do you do is this?
The first here is climate, Allen.
And you can see here as well as you can also see here to Talk, Nike, Michael Millennium and Japan.
Now there are little limitations and manufacturing markets, those things that have come and came up and a selection market is a pretty powerful thing.
MT: A smart market. What is your market?
If someone asked you to describe your sense of market, your personality property, what would it be?
Are you a arm areas? Are you somebody who makes the blood bee?
Or do you get a distributed artist?
A little bit more color, representative, control?
The architecture architects are like being presented as a pressure to be a pressure like The Project, and control, and and and and an audience like East Frank, fast or graphic, pressure, manufacturing, manufacturing or mathematical like Gandhi.
Or are you more about a distributed artist?
Are you aware like a partnership, like a parent?
Are you structure, transportation, protein, protection, protection?
You're considered, strong, familiar, control, control, control, control or surgery, like Darwin Langley or Child?
In the top of this film we had more than 500 companies and dark and depressions, that they said, "No, they didn't want to form part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film -- probably because they wouldn't have control -- they would not have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell us the story of the neurons, and we get to tell the story in this film of how they now use the mathematical responsibility to identify the center of the wish in the brain as much for malaria as a control.
So we went to San Francisco where they had been provided to the air.
In all the city for the last five years there are no values, there are no cards, there is nothing lines.
And we went to the cells in which companies are doing in the schools in the U.S.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects I've had the biggest answer or where I've had more success that I've been interested in that I've been interested with different things.
And that's what these markets.
They went to the interventions, they went to their security, and they said maybe these sectors don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to talk directly with the art.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to do to people, which is going to transform the way we look at the world.
And how do you get it? They had success?
Well, since the film is going to be in the University of Star, let's take a view.
See Boston the film will go into it, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 100 million images in the media for this end.
This is just a period of two weeks and a half ago.
That's just in line -- no pressure, or telescope.
The film is still not discovered.
It's still not in line. It's not in surgery.
It's not even taken in other countries.
In the last one, this film has already started to make intervention.
And it's not bad because almost all the researchers that we talk to you about their colors will not be part of.
I've always thought that if you go back, if you take risks -- that in those risks there are opportunity.
I think when you take people out of that is going on to the factor.
I think when you go into your employees in the risk of the risk is going to provide all your company to get out of representation.
I feel that what it has to happen to do is that we have to encourage people to accept them.
We have to go to people who don't have fear of the opportunities that you can see them.
In the last one, I think, I think we have to bring place to the fear.
We have to put that area in a classroom.
Let's take the fear -- let's take the risk up.
On the top of the time, we have to bring the risk up.
And actually, we have to go back to the transportation.
Today, more than a little bit of honor is going to get a long way.
And he said this -- with honest and transportation, all my talk to the Talk, has been present by my good friends of TED who were about 180 who were built the rights in Earth.
HG: It will become great data in large opportunities for the whole world.
TED presented "The Transparency."
Thank you very much.
John Carolina, so Mars, in the name of the transportation, which happened exactly with those passes?
MT: It's a extraordinary question.
In my grandmother I have a child at the name of the TED organization of TED organization, the Fortune State, a child for 180 to be acceptable to my attention for the next year.
And the idea behind the American control is actually very simple.
We don't want me to go up with nuclear bomb.
The biggest activity to develop nuclear weapons is the program of the Arab program in North.
The grandmothers that you see are systems in real time.
If we get to buy these systems that control speed and gentlemen, we can cause a lot of problems with control.
The grandmothers don't use software software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we get to put an effective vision of Williams in a particular computer used by an engineers to connect this black box -- then we are ready for it.
This is the plan behind South.
We started with a William institution.
The eyes in the black box -- give the control, and the nuclear program will be dead, mission is considered.
It's easy.
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to research about San 10 months ago, the purpose was completely nurtured.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the West part of the William, the institution was using moral vertical videos.
It seemed to do something with these grandmothers -- these collective systems.
That called us the attention -- and we started an experiment in which we interact our environment.
So they spent very strange things.
It turns out to be like a lab of lab that I didn't like our body, I heard it, but I didn't want to eat it.
I had no sense for me.
And then to experience with different substances that I realized -- and I thought, and I thought, this is a little distribution.
It's completely distributed."
The institution is looking for an increase in the black box if you find a specific crisis, and even if the program that is trying to interact is obviously working in that place.
If you don't do anything.
So that called my attention and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the objective?
It could be, let's say for example, a planet of energy in the United States, or a chemical planet in Allen.
It turns out that we would find the goal of the objective.
And so we took up and we discovered the code of artist, and we found out that I was structure in two different boxes, a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very likely for people who obviously had the entire information.
They know all the points for those who are going to action.
You probably know how much of the operation.
So you know everything.
And if you have heard that the University of Sun is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the car is very complex to me.
It's very much about everything we have seen before.
Here you see a show of this collection of accident.
We are talking about about 15 miles of color.
It looks pretty much like the old language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code to this.
What we looked at the first were called the function of the system, because we know what they do.
And then we looked for terrorism and data of data and we tried to connect it with the real world, with the real world of the real world.
We need theory to do that we can bring or describe or describe.
In order to get to theory on objects, we remember that it's directly a virtual strange, it must be a value white -- and it's still a bird beautiful, because it's where most institutions has been recognized.
You don't find several thousands of objects in that area.
It basically goes down to the population of nuclear energy and the program of North State.
So I said to my attention to me, "I have a list of all of the experiments in terms of energy and energy plants between our colors."
And I call them and told them in a force to play their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it works pretty well.
So we could make the little digital hole with the control of the robot.
The robot is that mobile part of the control, that black object that you see.
If you make the speed of this robot -- you can certainly put it up and even make your own education.
So what we also saw is that the goal of the atmosphere was to do it and figure out in a dark office to come back to the statements of kind of sensitive, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital child looking at very close to the data and their structure.
So for example, the number 188 degrees in that code -- you can't forget it.
I began to research scientific language about how these colleagues are built in National and found that they're strategic in what it is called a colony, and every course has 14 centers.
That had a sense, there was a concept.
And it gets better yet.
These colleagues in Iraq are discovered in 15 parts called states.
And guess what we found in the automobile color?
A pretty much intervention.
So again, that was a good concept.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So there's no management -- it wasn't like this.
The results have been built after several weeks of work.
We basically ended up in colleagues and we had to go back.
Even like that, we found out that both digital holes were going to be a single and same object, but from different people.
The small man is taking a colony, and making the robots and representing them, and the big grandmother is communicate with six degrees and making lines.
We are very trust in which we have discovered what the destruction is.
It's North, and it's just North.
We don't have to worry that other objects will be made by South.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- I really care about.
There is the basic box -- and you see the colleagues.
So what this thing does is to try to try to be able to try to be able to try to be able to understand the feeling of the feelings for example, and the sense of visual senses, which is still excited during the arm, with factors of information.
And it takes or not, these data data are provided by Sun.
It's like in the Hollywood movies where it during the robot.
Is it great one?
And the idea here is obviously not just going down to the operations in the center of control.
It's really much more dangerous and advanced.
The idea is a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human force could not act fast.
For example, in a energy plant -- when the great piece of paradigm is going on, you have to open out of space stages in a million.
Of course, this can't make a human.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're completely completely, then they can spend bad things.
The planet can explain it.
And you don't get the operations or the security system.
That survives.
But it can be worse for it.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This architecture is general.
It doesn't have anything to see, especially with colleagues, with controlled control.
It could be working as well, for example, in a energy, or in a architecture force.
It's genetic.
And you don't have -- and you do not have a card of this card with a Christian call, as we saw in the case of South Sand.
You could also use a computer technology to put it.
The most possible.
And if you did that, with what you would end up with is a male destruction of a massive design.
That's the conversation that we need to do.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of objects for such architects is not in the Middle East, it's not in the Middle States.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All the green areas are space with great number of objects.
We need to find the consequences and better than we start to try now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Rate, it has been public in many side people that people are supposed to be the main idea behind this.
What's your observation?
Ratasaur Languish, OK, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My goal is that Mexico is involved in, but it's not Mexico.
And the picture behind this is the concept of it.
There is a single one, and that's the United States, and so on.
Because in the other way, our problems would be even better.
CA: Thank you for measurement. Thank you, Randy.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give them an absolute skills or another thing that makes us use out of surgeons and go back and go back to it.
In British Brazilians, we call these robots, electricity.
It's not any different thing about something that gets in the morning, it gives you a great force -- that you are going to get up to your speed -- and you help it, for example, for example, to make the strategy.
It's actually the real intelligence of man and the machine.
But not just that -- you can figure it up and connect it with the universe and with other extraordinary people.
This is not an open idea.
So to show you now what we're working on is what we are working on about the American soldiers that in average -- it must take on the state of the age of 45 kilometers -- and it's going to be able to take even more team.
And obviously this leads to some important companies -- lessons in the room, 30 percent of the soldiers -- with the control colleagues.
We decided to tell this challenge and create a strategy that could help us make the thing.
So let me introduce you the HIV -- or Park human Human Heads.
Solid, with the HIV Experiment, I can be able to spend 90 miles per car for many hours.
His favorite design, allows them to put up in carbon and to be able to be able to get a lot of arms.
I want to do what I want to do, or where I want to go and then get my force and my response.
Lean Berlin, we're ready with our industrial sound, to produce this activity, this new exploration, this year.
You know, it's a reality.
So let's go back to the look at the users of rooms of rooms, about what I feel particularly advanced.
There are 60 million people -- in terms of rooms, all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really complicated thing.
So we talk about something that happens with it, and they are very young -- with two very young people that are going to start their life -- 30 or 40 years or 40 years -- they run against a box and the surgeon of representations turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that goes down to a quick thing.
His only choice -- a lot of times -- for a brain legal or some other complexity -- it's the surgeon of rooms.
And this has been for the last 500 years, from their own access, as I should recognize it.
So we decided to start to write a new capital about movement.
So let me introduce you the Ella that is using British Benjamin who has been able to have a lesson in the very strange culture, and as it turns out I couldn't go back for 18 years, until now.
Mars British Mars."
HG: Audience is using our Ella, which I mentioned it.
It has a few sense.
They are completely not involved in the molecules that are looking at the computer computer in the street, here in the room.
There are also a few bacteria that give us energy in the careers, and in the rooms, and they do it with this service and a very natural thing.
AK: I was 24 years in the top of my life when I was a strange strange in the air.
In a sense of second, it lost all feeling and all movement of the paradigm to the bottom.
A little bit of time after my room in the hospital in the hospital in the hospital and he said, "When they will never go to motivate?
That happened 18 years ago.
So I went down to the last piece of hope of my be.
The technology technology since then, I've allowed me to learn how to figure out how to go up in the street, and they will even be able to get in a biology of hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk up, until now.
Thank you.
HG: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the plants to feel and talk to you.
It's in our hands -- and we have all the potential here to change the life to the genetic future -- not just of soldiers -- not just of soldiers -- but all of the use of surgeons of rooms, all of them.
AB: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human surface.
It's a place where women have the career, and they have sex to say here, and the game is the order of the day, where the difference is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the feeling of the Amazon Man or San France.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their first.
This is the world of the supply blood seats.
The boxes are, together with the clinics, their own living lives.
That means that we all share a common access -- a electric graph, which lived about six million years.
Now, the chimps are known by their attention.
But unfortunately, we have done too much.
But the banks show us the other side of the state.
As the chimps are deployed by big types -- self-conservative, social society is going to be able to be able to power.
So these guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very typical society where the moral violence has still been seen.
But unfortunately, bottles are the least understanding of the big sites.
They live in the profound of the concept -- and it's been very hard to study them.
And the concept is a paradigm, a land of basic extraordinary and beauty -- but also the heart of the size of a virtual conflict that has been involved by decades and causes almost so many death as the first World War in the World War that has been provided.
It's not going to expect that this device also put the surface of the book.
The control of face and the device makes it not be able to fly a state with the balls that are in the world, and honest, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and cars you can hear the room in the beginning of the trees.
Who are these principles?
We know them like the simple same line, not the war -- because they have a sense of security, professional and biological to make conditions and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all of the problems of humanity because life is more than the King State.
On the box, like humans, they love to play over their life.
It's not just a game of children.
So for us and for them the game is fundamental to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make the terrifying.
We learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of play.
The game increase the creativity and responsibility and it has to do with the generation of diversity diversity -- diversity of behavior -- diversity of conservations.
And when you look at the white game -- you see the evidence that you can see the evidence of the room, the data and the human room.
The game is the game that tells us.
I don't know how you play you -- but I want to show you a couple of new videos in the middle of the surgeon.
First of all, it's a game of language stranger game, and I don't talk about it.
Here we have a man and a young man in the middle of a personality.
Look at what's doing it.
It could be the evidence of the face, the pressure of the paradigm?
I just think I think in this case to him, right?
Yeah.
So the sex game is common as well as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because this video is really interesting because it shows the research to bring up the invisible elements to the game -- -- and also how the game requires trust and force the context, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political -- it can make a lot of forms -- some of which are more transportation, images, consequences, maybe the place where the surprise is represented.
And I want you to see, this is Frank, a young man who is playing with water.
I think that as she said, sometimes we are going to put them together, and we explore the list of our interest and extraordinary world.
And it is that kind of language that tells us to explore it, and then the interest conditions that we form are the real secret of creativity for it.
So these are just small shows of the understanding that the babies give us from our past and present them.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to apply to a world more difficult and much more creative and more concept.
The secret is that the game is the key of these ability to do.
In other words, the game is our action of action.
In order to apply with success to a world that changes we have to play.
But we're going to take a lot of all of our play.
The game is not very police.
The game is an essential one.
For biological and humans for the same hand, life is not just creative and description.
When it looks like the least pressure to play -- you can be the moment that it is the most organic thing.
So by that, let's take this region of the evolution and play together together as we find the creativity and the amazing and the surprise.
Thank you.
In New York City, I am a development of an organization of a language called Robert House.
When I'm not running the poverty.
And in our city, where the videos are going to be able to go to a little bit of color -- you have to get to the site of the beginning of a very soon to go into action.
I remember my first sentence.
I was the second fly in the system, so I had a pretty high production of go.
But there was still a camera to fear against the other virus to get to the car and figure out what our task.
When I found the career, I was involved in a conversation with the protein that no day was going to get one of the worst days of their life.
We were in a little night -- she was on the bottom, under a shower -- in a side, as his house was in called called calls.
The other virus that I just got before I was going to come back before I was going to be an Leader --  -- the first to the career, and this was asked to go up and save the dog of the home.
The path? I was so straight.
There I was a brilliant or a money of money that, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people that I got in a building in a building in call to save a living living being just because I got for five seconds of it.
Well, I was the next one.
He made me a state.
He said, "Well, I need to go into the house.
I need it to go down, and I took this woman a couple of passes."
And so I did.
It was not exactly what I was expected but I went up with the stages, at the end of the paradigm, I went to the real blood that I was going to the most organization and less they had ended up with the fire and I went into the main face of a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking about, but I'm not a horse.
I took my head back by the state where I met my New News, and the price of the main door in the main door.
We took out of the house for the home of the house where it was to wait -- his technology got a lot more attention than the me.
And a few weeks later, I got a little bit of the face of the home of the home of the house to be able to save their house.
The magnetic that she looked at about the other thing was that someone had done a couple of shoes.
And so much in my wife in Robert -- I have been in my vision as a virus business -- I am a service of generations and mission in a mental scale -- but also from the act of thanks and clothes to the individual level.
And you know what I've learned me?
It all has their important.
So when I look at this room to people who have come back, or they are going to be able to achieve me, but they would like to remember this, they don't expect it.
They don't hope to make the first million to make the difference in the life.
If you have something to give you, you get it now.
They keep food in a control, left a piece of the tradition.
They are money.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save the life of someone but every day we're going to be able to influence the life of someone else.
So you go into the game, you save the same shoes.
Thank you.
George God, Mars, Mars, back.
Mars British Bangladesh. Thank you.
This can seem strange -- but I am a great arm of the control book.
The first biomaterials of conditions are made in 1884 with a very simple idea of a very simple measure of a measure that you find each other.
Very quickly -- these became the most use of the most used building in the world.
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us, as buildings or poor, a little bit to time.
So essentially these babies have become the paradigm of our time.
Almost a year of years later, in 1987, Leep was happened this.
It was called a collective designer.
And in about a few years old, the Laws of language came to all the home.
And it was supposed to be done over 400 billion or 75 dollars per person in the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful doors, buildings or home.
Leave it accessible.
Legos just took the board of the control, the family in the world, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
As so much, exactly that same year, in the British lab -- the next revolution was to be able to figure out the new building of building it.
The test was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of strategic languages about a lot of other people to a world where everything was interested in.
At the same point that the board beach, the transportation allows us to create much more and more complex and more complex and more complex and more complex -- a little bit.
But there is a price difference -- the test was just for experiment.
I really don't know that -- that the building blocks of our time are responsible to the experience, so I decided to change it.
About eight years ago, when I was in the Middle East, I started to explore the idea of taking the power of the engineers in the hands of the art and designers of them.
A few years ago, I started to develop Balts.
I'm going to show you how it works.
Balkans are electricity electronics every single one with a specific works.
They are produced to be light, sound and senses.
And the best thing about all is that they get up with ministers.
So you can't put it wrong.
The biologists have a code of color code here.
The green is the room, the blue is the right, the room is the intervention and the collaboration of natural color is the surgeon.
So you just have to get a blue with a green and very quickly you can start to make a lot of more.
A box with one green is going to produce light.
We can put a ball in the middle and we have a record.
If we change the ball by a character of police, which is here, and now we have an interesting light.
We took this guy to create more impact and we have a record machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game -- robots are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to have to try and connect and solve and support us to make us use very simple interviews of it.
In order to make more faster or more leadership, it just looks like this ball that makes a little bit faster or more leader.
The idea behind Britains is that it is a growing choice.
We want all of the institutions in the world to be related to little ready to use.
Local school, sound spaces, motors, everything must be accessible.
We have given kids to the kids to see them with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electricity of every day that you don't learn in school.
For example, how it works a little bit of night, or why the door of a strange gets open up, or how an image respond to the task.
We've also taken basic schools to design.
So for example, the designers without any evidence are starting to play with terrorism as a material of it.
So here you can see, with a piece of paper and paradigm, we have George creating.
(Audience:
So here's an example of a project that you've done, an act of an act of activity for movement.
But you know, here comes my favorite project.
It's a lot of parallel that has a fear of the strategy.
So for these no institutions, the subjects became another material -- the electricity became another materials.
And we want this material to go out of all.
And so Balts has a open concept.
You can look at the website.
We want to add a world of creativity and colleagues because this world in which we live in, this interesting world, is us.
So it's going to go up and go up.
Thank you.
Today, I'm going to talk to you about the interesting designers.
I work in the industry of solar technology.
And my little company is looking for the environment to focus on the environment.
And the different culture.
This is a little video of what we do.
Man. They have a moment.
You can get a little bit in cardiac.
We can be able to continue the video to a side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The technology.
Oh, you know, I think about the time.
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I had a couple of years ago I took the best design and tools so that they took a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that was supposed to be desperately, we asked them to work on the government.
The research is called "The American form and it would be like a few people from peace to transportation.
So let's take a few members every year and we put them to work with the world.
Instead of taking them into the third world we are able to take them into the global world.
They made great accessibles, they worked with the global employees.
His task is going to show the possibility of the current technology.
They know air.
And it's a history of the city of Boston.
So here it comes as if you look for a quote -- but what you really look for is that somebody else is that somebody else is going on when it comes through the night because it knows that it's not very good to get up when it's covered by a sea of night.
How do you get to help me help this way so support, so sure.
The year last year, we had a team of members of "The University of America.
They were there in front of it, and at that time I was born a lot of last year.
They realized that the city was never going to hear these tools.
But one of the members called the Middle Middle Millennium noticed something else -- that the citizens were left with the streets right in front of them.
So I did as a good program, developed a action.
This is a kind of access that you can get a history.
You try to put it out when you again.
When you do that, you put a name on this case in this case, in this case I put it.
If you don't do it, someone can be robotics.
Or it is, it has a little bit.
This is a movement access.
Maybe it's the smallest of the age of the age of the age of the last year.
But it does something that no other technology of the government is.
And it goes up in a visual way.
A result of the city of the city of the city of Harvard when you see this activity I realized that I could use it, not for the night, but for the citizens to get out of transportation.
It is very important that they work these signs of terrible, but people were born.
So I asked the citizens to control them.
And then Second decided to use it to make the citizens come up with the clothes depression.
And he was just going to put it to get people to make people go down to clean salts when he was born.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been described without Africa, in a natural and natural way.
If you know a little bit about a little bit of global technology.
The software of software is a couple of years.
The year last year, we had a team working in a project that I got three people for two months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that I had done by the normal colleagues would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there is a project in the potential power of California that the moment has been 200 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level.
That's why a couple of days that are program in a couple of days and it goes up in a visual way is a survival of access to the government of the government.
It suggests the best way to work, not as in private companies like a lot of people think that should be.
Not as a technology, but more like the Internet.
I mean, without restrictions, in form and genetic way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this attention is that it represents the way to get the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an artificial institution but as a problem of collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out that we are very good for the collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with effects.
And it's not just Street Africa, but there are hundreds of people in the whole country that they come up with the critical access every day in their own community.
They haven't given for the government with the government.
They feel a great factor to that, but they don't eat it, and they do it.
And these people know something we've lost of view.
And that is that if we leave the sense of policy -- the fly in the police -- and all of those other things that put us up, the government is, the government is, in fact, in the word of Tim Redwood, which we do together because we can't be able to.
Now, a lot of people have taken the government now.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are change.
People don't change -- the government is.
And because the government in the last week of us, they remember that of us, the people -- the way to think about how to produce the change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is going to be able to choose people so that they were going on.
Well, after two years I've come to the concept that the government is, about all of a relationship of religions.
So this is the center of the terrible attention of services and information.
This is the place that comes into the call if you get 33 in the U.S.
This called this call called this called this.
Institute in the strategy of opening knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open the legs out of the house, put it very strong music and see if you go from?
And it works. And so for South.
But that wasn't the end of the relationships.
Boston does not have a center of calls.
It has a subject, website and molecule, called Congo Congo.
We didn't make that approach.
It was the work of very smart people from the University of New Angeles West Mexico.
One day, this really happened this same, "Cancer in my box. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do it to put it?
The Department of Columbians Congo is different.
San was talking about person.
In Congo Congo is all public -- so everyone can see this.
In this case, I saw it a version.
The next thing he said, "I get to the place, I found the water behind the house.
Comes?
He went back to the course. I went home.
Good night, deployed religion."
It's pretty simple.
This is great. It's the conditions of the digital and the Africa.
And it's also a great example of the government of the government to the distribution collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a plant.
And here I don't necessarily need to do the professional technology.
I talk about a platform for people to get up and help others.
So a city helped another thing here but here the government had a key paper.
I met the two people.
And I could have connected to the basic services of being needed -- but the version is a better artificial and more barrier than the global services than the global services of it.
When a version help others -- we find the community.
If we call animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it's not the same thing that the political thing.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the inside of the other.
That our inside the government system.
How many times have you evolved to a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then we hope that the government is going to make our values and service our need.
That's because the government is like an important ocean and politics is the surface of 15 percent.
Because it's what we call the basis.
And we say that word with a lot of destruction.
But it is that device that makes us know that we are going to do that that we find as something that works in our center -- that other thing, and in fact, we're losing power.
People believe that political is sensitive.
So if we want this institutions to have to have to have to make the basis be sensitive.
Because this is where the real work of government works.
We have to run up with the government of government, we have to run with it.
That makes the Columbia movement.
Do you see them.
This is a group of critical citizens that have written a very distribution of 350 pages in response to the second of the Steven Fellows of Valley, about the financial record.
That is not political activity -- it's activity activity.
And for the ones that we have done in the government, it's time we ask us what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to find it.
Do you really believe that we have to go to where we have to go without solve the institutions that can be able to get in the name of everyone.
We can't get the government, we need to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to be able to be able to remember the government of government that can explain the civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to be able to be able to be able to bring the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 24 years old, so I go to records, I'm a great generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has been growing to take the word and give that almost a sense.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to talk about, all are going to talk about.
They can express their obsessions in any time at the same time, and they do.
So when you get the problem of government don't care to them to be able to look at your voice, you don't care about it.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to protect the activity that they do better than the government will work.
And those things allow us to use their hands to improve our community.
It can be limited by a history, making a little bit of balloon cardiac that has a red region.
So from then, we could always have taken those tools and a lot of people do.
But these activities are like digital areas that we are not only constructive, we're not just aware of government that we pay impressions and we get services.
We are more than that, we are cities.
And we're not going to get the government until we don't get the city.
So I want to ask all of the pressures, when it's about the important things that we have to do together, all together, we're going to be a virus of voice, or we will also be a market of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real home.
So I've spent most of the time in crimes, products and in the edge of the death.
I've spent most of my life in ministers and places and places where there's a lot of destruction.
And it will be here in TED looking at and hear these stars have given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has an idea.
And the things that say here are impact around the world.
You know, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have any other way.
I say this because I think the idea is really important.
So here we have seen fantastic pressures.
And I think we have learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if you teach sense -- you can have a special sense.
A doctor can do a good thing to do good things -- you can make a lot more.
And so I want to talk about the power of it.
I didn't really learned this in the protection of the right, my work.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of a American family for a mathematical man, which was my grandmother.
It was fundamental, I was possible.
It was the last word all over the family.
She invented many of the designers in our home.
It was a little bit of people who had been scales.
Their parents were born in the star in Virginia about 1985.
She was born on the 1984 and his experience with the cell as the way it looks like the world.
She was dangerous, but it was also malaria.
When I was a little and I looked at it and I looked at me and I got a good business.
I was just so strong that I could be able to answer and then I went down.
One or two hours later, I was going to look at me, and he said, "Well, you still feel my break?
And if I told him that, I would go back to me and if I said yes, I was left in peace to me.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I was 10 children.
My mother was most of the 10 percent.
You know, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture your time and your attention.
My first were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight  nine years old, I went to a morning, I went to the room and there they were running up all of my own.
My grandmother was at the other side of the room and looked at me.
At the first I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it, and she looked at it, but she was very serious ...
After 15 or 20 minutes, she went down the room, and he took me out of the hand and he said, "You know, Bronx. The two we're going to convert?
I remember this as if it was.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and he said, "Well, I would tell you something, but you can't say to no."
I said, "It's okay. Man."
She said, "Well, let me tell you that I don't do it. I said, "Cheek."
And then I looked at me, and he looked at me and said, "I want you to know that I've been looking at you.
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
And then he said, "I want you to do three things, Brazil."
I said, "Man: Mars."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is they always want your mother."
Audience: This is my son, and you have to make sure that you are always the career.
As I went back to my mother, I said, "Yes, Mars, this is what I will do it.
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to do is that I will always do the right thing as much as the right thing is hard.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mars. So I'll do it.
And then finally, he said, "The third thing I want you to do is you would never get a standard street."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mars, this is how I will do it.
I grew up in the field -- in the surgeon -- I have a beautiful year and a year a year.
When I was 14 or 15 -- one day my brother came home with a side of six children, I don't know where I came back, and I went to my sister and me and we went to the forest.
We just got to do the slides of forever.
He took a short source, he took my sister -- she took a little bit and made me to me.
I said, "No, no, no, no. It's good. You won't take the corresponding."
My brother said, "You can do it, and you always do the same thing as us.
I just took something, your sister as well.
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can see.
And then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What's going on? It takes a charge."
And I looked at it with force and said, "Oh, not to be that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mars."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mars tells all the guys that are specialized.
I was dealing.
I have to take something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know that this is going to be a lot of them.
But I have 54 years old, and I can be able to get that I have never taken a surgeon of all.
I don't say this is a virus. I say it by the power that it has the idea.
When we create the right kind of idea, we say things to the other ones that they really don't see it.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother basically believed that all of their lives were special to me.
My grandmother had been present during the protein.
And my kids died from the relationship with the alternative.
And these were the things that we had to do with it, we should buy it.
Now, trying to talk about our personal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
There were 300 personalities.
There are 2,000 million.
In the United States we have the biggest rate of the world.
We have seven million people in the collective book.
And this massive control, in my view, has changed our world.
In the poor community or black communities -- you find so much destruction, so much destruction, you have a lot of destruction for these done.
One of three black groups between the 18 and the 30 years is in the creativity or in the control limitation.
In the urban communities of all the country, Alexander, French, Mars, of 50 to 60 percent of all of the young people of color are in the creativity or in the control limitation.
Our system is not just too hard to the right, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a collective system that tells you much better if you're rich and close, that if you're poor and intervention.
It's not collective, but it takes what the results of the results.
And it looks like we feel very surprising.
The fear of fear and the force makes us believe that these are not problems.
We are described.
It seems interesting.
We are looking at our work a few different devices.
In my state in my state -- as well as in other states -- you get out of rights for always if you have a personal control.
Right now in Sandan, 35 percent of the black population has lost the right to the voice.
And if we test it at the next 10 years the legal level of rights to be as far as it was before it was the law of the right.
So we have this simple sense.
I remember children.
Many of my colleagues are very young people.
The United States is the only country of the world where you feel about 12 years to die in private.
We have in this critical country for kids, no possible to go back.
Now we are in the process of some lines.
The only country in the world.
It turns out to people in the edge of the death.
This issue of death is interesting.
In a sense, they have taken us to think that the final question is, people need to die for the consumers consumer?
A very simple question.
But you can think about another way of how we are in our mind.
There's another way to look at it -- it's not about decide if people need to die by the complex conditions, but if we need to kill them.
This is interesting.
The death of death in the United States is designed by the top.
In every nine percent people, it has been interested in one which is an idea that is an idea that is excited and liberated from the corner of death.
A strategy rate -- amazing, a surprise of every nine percent.
This is interesting.
And it's not going to allow you to be able to be able to spend anti-political paradigms if every nine that you would do, you would have been about school.
But in some way we move out of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our card.
It's not our store.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about red and this point of if we need to kill it.
It is interesting that in my kinds of students with American history, I talk about the scale.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time I started at the end of the responsibility and I took up to the second World War in the world.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit described by the terrorism.
In many communities the people had to be stopped.
And I was asked to be blocking.
And the threat of the theory was what they discovered their lives.
Now there are more people who get to me and they say, "Oh, Steven, you say, "You know, distributed them -- distributed to the people who stop saying that in our story -- we talked to the first time with the terrible, after 1850.
They ask me to say, "No, I say we grow with that.
And the outside of the terrible continues, obviously with the security and decades of radical support and security.
In this country we have a diagnosis that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood the meaning of what we have ever done.
All of the time we know about each other.
We're constantly created terms and conferences.
It costs us to talk about reasons. I think it's because we're not willing to connect with a real process and representation.
In South Africa, people understand that it could not be able to be able to get the right relationship without a truth with the truth and the representation.
In Robert, even before the genome had this consumption, but in this country we haven't done it.
And I was in Germany, and I was going to give you conditions about the death of death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers was going after my present and he said, "You know it's good to listen to what you say.
Audience: We don't have a death in Germany.
We will never be able to have here.
And the room was in silence and a sea said, there's no way that with our story, we could be able to get into the health death of human beings.
It would be influence that we are, international and definitely, we were going to be able to get people.
It turns out about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Allen, would take people, especially if they were in their greatest children?
We couldn't get it.
It would be wrong.
And yet, there is this destruction.
And I think our identity is in a day.
If we actually don't care about these things so difficult -- the positive things and wonderful things are.
We love innovation.
We make the technology. Let's take the creativity up.
We love the intervention.
But finally, those real reality are described by support, the death, the death, the market.
In my view, you need to identify both things.
We are going to talk about the need to have more hope to have more hope.
I think that wants to be more time thinking and talking about the poor -- the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our be.
It's true that we have to believe in issues we haven't seen before.
So we are going to be as rich as it is as well as interesting with it.
With innovation with creativity -- the development is not just the brain ideas.
These things come from ideas as well.
This concept of the mind with the heart is what we care about is not just in the wrong and democratic -- but as well as they do it as well.
Star Harvard, the great leader will talk about this.
He said, "When we were in Europe.
Well, that organization for the state is probably in the heart of what I think, even in communities like TED -- it must be constructed.
There's no relationship to technology and design -- that allows us to be really human if we don't give him the attention to the poverty.
Now I want to introduce you that these thought is a much more fundamental idea than if we get these things.
Let's go back to find them.
I had the great private, being a very young protein, to meet Robert Parks.
These women get just to talk just to talk about.
And I mean, the California Carolina called me, to say, "Well, it comes out the Street Park. We're going to get to talk to it.
Do you want to come and say?
And I said, "I know strong. Yeah.
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you get them?
I said, "Let's say?
So I was going to go and just hear them.
It was a very similar thing.
And in one room I was there, listening to these ladies and after a couple of hours, the Street Parkstement was led to me, and he said, "Well, Brazil, let me just be that idea of the alternative strategy.
So what you're trying to do is what you're trying to do.
And I started to give my discovery.
I said, "Well, we're trying to be trying to get the interpretation.
We try to help the ones that have been constructed in.
We try to focus on the proteins and the distribution of the pressure of perfect stranger.
We tried to go out with the feelings of life, without the conditions for the children.
We try to do something about the death of death.
We try to reduce the population in the crimes.
We tried to go out with the massive strategies.
He gave him all my best destruction and he looked at me and he said, "I'm monkey Million.
And said, "They will be a very straightforward, very straight.
And at that moment, I went up in that time, and I put it up in the face and said, "It's why you have to be very strange.
I think that actually, the TED community has to be much more value.
We have to find the way that we have to get out of those challenges -- those problems.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been made in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is true to the worst thing that we have completed.
I think that's true for everybody in the planet.
I am convinced that if someone says a message, it's not because it is a message.
I am sure that if someone takes something that doesn't ask you, it's not that it is a little bit.
Even if someone killed each other, it's not that it is a selection.
So I think there is a basic diversity in the people who must be responsible by the law.
I also think that in many parts of this country and yet, in many parts of the world, it costs the poverty is not the room.
That's not it.
I really think that in many parts of the poverty is the position.
And finally, I think that even though it is very big -- very beautiful, very strange, we are not going to play us for our technology, for our design, not for our intellectual ability or a radical capacity to us.
And at the end of the end of a society -- not for the way they treat the rivers, powerful and protections, but because of the way they treat the poor -- the pressures -- the pressures.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand real issues about what we are.
And I feel dead. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do it too much.
I get carefully, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in a important.
I've been represent these kids who have been sitting with a lot of design.
I'm going to go to the crime, and I see my 19-year-old colleagues and 14 years, which have been talked to you as a chain.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can you go back to someone in what you don't.
The line is going to take it as an advance, but I see a child.
One night I was trying to think about, by God, if the wind can become something that you don't are, you have to have a magnetic power.
Yeah, Brazil, the wind has a magic power.
You should ask something about that.
As it was very late I couldn't think about it, but I started working on a market.
I had a 14 years old, a little book, black black ...
I began to work in the mountain -- with a line that he said, "Man for me to have a bird black of 14 years that is a prison because a private blood of a corner of a color."
In the many point that there was there that there was a little bit of interest in the atmosphere.
There was an artificial line about how in this country there is no life, but a whole piece of time.
At the next morning I was going to think about that machine to be a dream -- or really the writer?
For my brother -- not only there was not just the relationship, but I had sent it to the car.
They spent about two months -- I had been happening.
And I finally decided --  God, I have to go to the face for this strange case of it.
I went back to the car and I felt really supposed to get it up to me.
I was in the car at the car.
I thought this would be very difficult and perfect.
And I finally went out of the car. He walked to the chair.
I was going to get the stages when I found it with a big black man -- it was the conservation of the chair.
When I looked at me and he said, "What is you?
I said, "I'm a show, he said, "It's you? He said yes.
And so I got up to me and really assume.
And I'm going to get up in the sea.
He said, "I am proud of you.
I have to tell you now that that was similar.
That was connected to my environment, with my identity with the ability that we all have to trust the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the room.
When I went in, the girl saw me.
And he said, "Yes, Steven, you wrote this manufacturing universe?
I said, "You know, I was saying. And we started discovering.
People started to come back. They were all invented.
I was the one that I had written those lines.
They came up with the police seats, the advantages.
In the way, without knowing how the room was full of people -- all of them were full of people because we talked about reasons, because we talked about poverty because we talked about survival.
And with the river of the eyes that I was going to look at the thought I was going on and came up.
He looked at the window and he was going to hear all of that graph.
It was walking down for here and for there.
And finally, this old black -- with care of pressure, I got in the room and sat behind me, almost in the table of the banks.
And about 10 minutes later, the guy has a record.
So during the destruction of the sea security was shown because the thought had come into the room.
The action was based on the old black level.
And he said, "Mark, what do you do in your street?
And the old black came up with it, look at the automobile, and he looked at me and he said, "I get this room of audience to tell this young man who manages his view in the operation with film."
I have come to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral rate of the universe is very large -- but it goes up to the strategy.
So we can't be really human evidence if we don't worry about human rights and by distance.
And that our surface is limited to the others.
That our technologies of technology, design and creative and creativity have to be able to go out of free, compassion and straight.
And by the end of all of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with food.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: They just heard and see an evidence wish from the audience from this community, to help in your problems, to do something.
Something that is not a child. What can we do?
BG: There are various opportunity.
If you live in the state of California -- for example, there will be a responsibility that you can do a force to remember the forces that you can spend today in patients.
For example, here in California -- they're going to spend a billion dollars in the death of death in the next five years.
And despite this, 40 percent of the cases of tools are not going to come in artists.
45 percent of violence don't come to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
So this recognition is going to make sure that these forces are going to make the law collection, to the security one.
I think there's a very short opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge destruction in the United States, in the last three dollars.
And part of the experience, it tells you that it has to do with the biggest state of collection.
What would you say to those who think is it?
BG: In fact, the whole rate of violence has been really straightforward.
The great growth in this country is not for violence in this country.
It's by the wrong war against distances.
This is why I came up with this particular increase in the classical population.
And we let us turn through the region of the pattern.
We have three legal causes to bring people to the personality of perfect particle, because of the little business in the pressure, instead of making those resources.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of the conditions and not less.
It seems to me that our current physician is not doing anything about anything.
I think that's the organization that has to change.
CA: Benefits, you have been excited today today.
You're very interested.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Let me grow the threat by the death of Bill Linux.
Let me give you two 2, Lean 2,000 percent person -- Police passenger passengers.
Let me say Frank, Charles Departments, Legos 200 dollars.
Let me tell you, social destiny.
Let me start 3,000 Einstein Languian Languian Linux."
A lot of legs, war the national Democratic Democratic Democratic.
Reading.
Conservative. Dead.
Oh, God.
Professor Diana, these are just some of the cells that I got in the last six months -- they might be about the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the average media is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to give us an attention.
And that requires a very good reason to it.
In every single day of every day our sense is a lot more data than the brain can probably protect it.
And as nothing really care to us more than surprised, the first part of all of those data is an old framework of the phone bank called the advance.
The architecture is our destiny defense destruction, the democratic development.
One and recording all of the information looking for something in the environment that could be able to make a day.
So in a tens of stories we will be able to look at the networks.
That old record of the pressure, "If there's blood, reading is very true.
And because all of the digital devices will give us new news.
It doesn't surprised that people think that the world is going to be a bad thing.
But maybe it's not like that.
Maybe in change, what it really happens is that we get distances.
Maybe the huge progress is going to be done in the last century for a series of force is to get up so so that we have the potential to create a world in the next three dollars.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- the climate change -- the experience of species and energy and energy and energy, without a few of them.
As human beings are very good to make the problems and, in the long -- we just just had them.
So let's take it on the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than despite, the average income per single control has been transformed around the world.
And the child market has been represented 10 times.
In fact, the cost of the food -- the transformation and the community, has been about 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Park showed us that we are living the most significant time of human history.
And Charles Kenya that the world is about 25 to over 80 percent in the last 150 years.
We are actually living a little bit extraordinary time.
A lot of people get it.
And we continue to put out more and more extraction.
In fact, we reduce the sense of poverty.
Think about it, in the United States, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity -- water, brothers, terrible, telescopes, mobile and cars.
The banks of the top of the last century -- the pollutions of the planet -- you have been sitting out of a little bit of it.
And I'm going to get a lot of this is the technology and finally, its economic growth.
And my good friend Random Shelter showed that any tool is going to stop in the technology of the information of information in this room, the law of Monterey, and it depends on the price of the price in about 12 to 24 months old.
And so the molecule that you have in the biology is a million times more radio and a thousand times faster than a survival of the 1980s.
Now look at this camera.
This is the law of Monterey for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this city.
First of all, the thing that it is -- in good and bad time, in the war and in the peace and in the peace and in place.
It is the result of the key computer computers that are used to build faster computer.
It doesn't leave any of the big challenges in front of it.
And even though it's free in a left to the left to the left -- it goes up to the left.
The growth of technology is in each other and faster time.
And in this room, at the end of the Monterey Lab, there is a series of extremely powerful technologies that we talk today.
The computer in the cloud -- that my friends of Australia called international computers and records, the robotic institution, and their ability to develop and their ability to develop the whole planet in all the planet, the significant biology -- the vaccines and food, the digital medicine and the National medicine.
I mean, how many of you saw the violence in Japan from Monterey?
It was a particular.
I looked at the problems the best thing that I would have.
And I love this this: "Marketplaces came to human humans."
Japan is not a easy.
It comes with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the government, available for everyone in the movement.
For four years ago, here in TED, Ray Kenya, and I, we launched a new college called Southern Angel.
We teach these technologies to our students -- and in particular, how can they use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to take a company or a product or a service, which can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can share the life of a billion people.
30 years ago, that would have been supposed to be a subject.
We can be able to be able to be a tens of companies that have already done.
When I think about creating angles, it doesn't mean to create life life for every part of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's trying to take that that is strange and come back to it.
You see, the state is context and technology.
I'll give you an example.
This is a story of North American story.
He's the kind of the left.
I started to get the Stanford floor.
The Taliban states were born with plants and the same.
But the floor of San, I eat with colors of surgeon.
You see, the scale was the most valuable model of the planet -- it takes more than the ocean and the plant.
So that's why the point of the Monterey to Washington is about survival.
You see, even though the scale is 73 percent of the Earth of the Earth, it doesn't come as a poor modern.
It's based on the oxygen and sites.
But then it came up and did the electricity and made it out of something so expensive that we use it as if it was described.
So let's try this access to the future.
Let's think about the energy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are in a planet.
They come back to the Earth of energy every 18 minutes.
It's not about stars, but of action.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation of the seat -- 180 roofs will look at 18 rooms.
The cost of solar energy.
The month last month, the MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decades, in the United States of the United States, the electricity used to be able to get six cents a hour for the time to share with the 15 cents of the national media.
And if we have a power of energy we also have a water.
Let's talk about the war.
Do you remember when David Darwin access to the space speed up to the Earth, in 2010, then I spent Sandans?
It took a famous picture -- how do you call it?
"And you get a planet play.
Because we live in a water.
We live in a planet.
Yeah, 99 percent is water water, two percent of them is ice -- and we go up for five percent of the planet, but here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes up with nature, the nature.
In a conversation with David Kennedy this morning, one of the interventions of the back, I would like to share with you, and I would like to share with you -- his technology called South School -- you know, it is the size of a small relationship.
It is able to generate a thousand water water.
The president of Columbia was just going to make sure that I would make a important test of hundreds of these cities in the developing world.
If that goes right, and I have a little bit of trust that I will be going to be able to do it in 20 countries in the planet.
This is a powerful innovation for this technology that today.
And we have seen it in motivations.
My God, we're going to get about 70 percent of the molecules in the world in the developing world.
Think about it, that mathematical war has better mobile communities in the middle of Kenya than the present Read 25 years ago.
And I would tell you with a smart cell with Google -- it has access to more knowledge and information that the Prize Chinese 15 years ago.
I live in a world of information and conditions that no one could have been presented before.
Because that, the things that you and I have spent tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars from thousands of dollars -- images -- images of books and music technology.
Maybe the best thing comes when they take the access in health.
The month last month, I had the pressure to go with the Fortune Francisco -- something called the 1970s Mars Mars, from 10 million dollars.
We are making the team of the world so that they communicate these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because it has Street, they can be able to be able to get out of the sea.
In order to keep a better difference than a medical medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the world in the developing world that there is no doctors -- where the market rate is 25 and there are 1,000 percent workers of health.
When this device is a virus of HIV or DNA that I don't recognize -- call the health of health and first of all, I will find out that the paradigm.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world.
And I call it the billion dollars at all.
The white lines here are the population here.
We just spent the market of seven billion percent.
And by the way, the best problem against the democratic explain is to do the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people in line, connected to them.
For 2010, going from two billion to five billion uses of the Internet.
Three billion minds never before.
What do you want these people.
What are you going to do? What do you want to do it?
And instead of a economic color we will have the biggest economic investment in history.
These people represent tens of millions of dollars in the global economy.
And you get out of more health to the Texas, from a better education with the Arab Kennett and because of the use of the improvements in 3D and the computer in the cloud will be more likely than ever before.
What can you make about 300 million members of humanity -- and companies and products?
What about a few times never before you?
What if we give them the operations, where they are, a voice to be heard and able to act for the first time.
So what would you do about these 300 million million million million million million people.
And if they are conditions that we can't be able to produce?
So something that I learned with the 1970s is that a little bit of small policeman with a Of course, and you can do amazing things -- things that you could only do the big correctives and the governments of it.
I'm going to end up share a story that really care me.
There is a program that maybe some of you know some of them.
It's called Fending.
I went up in the University of Washington, in Second.
It's a game in which people can take a sense of food and figure out how to get the protection.
People will leave the structure and the works.
It's very important in medical research.
And until now, it was a problem.
They have been playing with this universal teachers between others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people were street and began to play it.
And it has shown that today, the human rate of human patterns is better than the best computer.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to make the big challenges of the planet.
We have the tools with this experience.
We have the passion of the back of the back.
We have the capital of the control.
And we have 300 million new minds that are going to be used to work in the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have for a few extraordinary decades ago.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
And the body of the part of the time.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles David, one of my hours.
He was here, as you know, in 1885.
Maybe they believe that they put participants, but it wasn't like that.
It actually takes fish down.
And I discovered one of them like very construction.
It was the mind.
It was a lot to the 1980s.
Now the fish is in the Rome of the U.S.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Gandhi and other places, so that doesn't have any species.
But the case is that we still come to the Gallers.
We still think they're pressure.
The faces still say they keep invention.
So what happens here?
The second story, as well.
Because I was there in 1997, studying a place in Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought it could be addicted.
I got a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first experience at the sun.
The guy was recorded from first, and as you can see, from a few manufacturing.
There were about 20 centers, the ball of black barrel.
And the fish of this team was very excited and happened for a good time, so it was getting more than the middle in Ghana in it.
When I went there 24 years later, the amount of fish had gone down to half the time.
They walk up to the five centers.
They experience a genetic pressure.
There was still fish yet.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
You know, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I went up in the intervention of the sea of the strange surface.
In the 19th century -- I started in 1970, Europe.
And the design development is going to imagine the countries that have 100 degrees -- you can make it the industrial service.
And this biology, it's called the Fortune Firefine.
I went back in it, and we made students in the South University of China Mars, and all of all, in the sea of Japan.
What we're going to do was a kind of thing.
We call it, I know, the bottom of the sea.
90 percent of what we capture were specifically, other animals who are in the world.
And most of the fish are distributed about a few of them -- these things that are a little bit of religion.
In fact, the bottom of the sea came to the corner and then it was addicted.
These images are extraordinary because it is very fast.
In a year, you make a study and then start the construction street.
The force is going to be a support force in this case, in this case, to be a line.
This is a dead.
They didn't eat them. They had been dead.
Once we were able to take a life.
It was still not a distance.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
So this mountain of rest is what you get the states every time you go to a area that you never have ever heard of.
But it doesn't get demand.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
Let's take the perfect point on the new level, not remember what was there.
If we need this something like this.
In the eye and we have good things, biologically, a lot of orders, the record of the country, the water.
And that changes with time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation is going to use the images of the beginning of their own life as the normal and what's going to go up to it.
The difference is that they get the pressure.
But they don't get the fear that happened before.
You can get the surface of change.
And at the end of them to keep a little bit.
And that, in great measure -- we want to do now.
We want to keep things that don't are, or they're not what they are.
But you should think that this problem affect people when the professional societies are going to make animals without knowing what they have done until a few genes later.
Because obviously an animal that is very constructive, before it is, it is a little bit.
You don't lose any other animals.
You lose animals a little bit.
Even if this doesn't look like a big pressure.
With time, we focus on the big animals -- and in a very high sense of big fish.
They become a little bit, because we see them.
With time there are a few fish but we think that's the perfect point of it.
And the question is, why do we get this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists will be very different.
And you will do it because the evidence is in a way that you are not in the way they would expect to have the evidence of it.
For example, the artist that some of you are, as you get a lot of fish in this area in this area you can't use or you do not use the science of the signal, because it's not effective.
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in interesting societies because they don't trust the source of the past.
So there is the huge role that can be able to take a profit market.
Because with the profit markets -- we really get the past.
We remember the past that people can't get up because the perfect point has gone up and it's pretty low down.
That's for the people that you can see a profit market and they can benefit from the vision that they allow them, which allows them to look at their point of particular.
And what happens with the people who can't do that because they don't have access -- like people in the Middle East, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for instance, for example.
I think there are the art and the control may be able to fly the vaccine.
This is a situation of the California Carolina.
A lot of time ago, there were a long time in the Caribbean Bang and 500 years ago.
And you would have noticed that the materials and the transportations are like "Child."
And if you think about "Child, if you think about why people are moving with the film -- and I'm talking about the story of Parkinson, why are you going to move out with the images?
Because it takes something that, in a sense, it has lost it.
And so my responsibility, the only one who will say, it's to Cambridge, to make "The Wateria under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hello. I am Kanta Allen, the green terms of Tempera, and I look at video videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why video videos make and how important it has that.
We all want to be stars -- collaborations, controlled, statistics, when I was more young -- that seemed very, very difficult to me.
But today the website is that any of us, or of our action.
And anyone can make it famous in the Internet in a sign.
They get more than 40 hours of video for a minute.
And of those just a little bit of a piece of particular -- it gets information of vision and collaboration method.
How about that?
Three things -- you know, construction communities and straight food.
Well, let's start on.
Brown Valley, Oh, God, my God, God me.
God.
White.
Oh, golf."
KB: The year last year, Brazil Venter published this video video out of his house in the National National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 24 million times.
This graph shows the relationships in the police of the pollution of the last year.
Brazil is not going to make a visual video life.
I just wanted to share a drawing artist.
That's what you do if it's called Temperial Mexico.
There was a lot of videos of nature.
This video had been published in energy.
So what happened here?
It was John Kenya.
John Kenya, I published this transportation that would run to the police to policy.
The transportations of terms like John Kanta present us new things and interesting and dead to a higher public public thing.
Right Baltin,              -- you have to start the end of the end of the end --              Voice, you will start the vision.  KB: You won't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video.
"Life Republican is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the face of use.
At the same end of "All "prison, this video seemed to have come out of nothing.
So what happened this day.
Well, it was true, it's true.
And if you ask for those other parasites, they are also vision.
But what happened this day, this day in particular particle?
Well, I took the Telescope and a lot of babies started writing about it.
Michael John Steven, Mars State State, it was one of the first people in making a book about the video in Twitter in Twitter at all.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of neurons are going to take a point of view and share it with a more smart public of the process.
So, this community of people who share this great interest and then start talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10 degrees of "Life" in York.
So just in the first seven days, there was a paper for each other day.
In the University of the 20th century of the 20th century, this community is our way of being part of the forest -- or doing something new with that.
"Do you get California, is an architecture with a massive music.
That's like this, that's everything.
This year was about 50 million times.
And if you think that's true, you know that there is a version of three hours that has seen four million times.
Until the cars saw this video.
And there are cars that saw other cars see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I discovered between the Internet community of the Internet.
There were relationships.
Somebody did a version to the ancient one.
And then it became international in it.
Of course, I got a whole community of representation that made this happen to be a little bit of a little bit of what we all can form part of it.
Because today we are not just despite, we participate.
Who could have done something like this?
Who could have produced "The "beginning "beginning or Robert Bangladesh, or "Man: "Christom?
So what could you have written that you would have written this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video for a minute -- just that really only one of the only things that these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a guy who protect the markets in New York City.
Carolina Steven, I was not going to run up by the biomass, but there are often obstacles that are going to tell you a little bit about.
KB: Thank you. Thank you very much of the surprise and your human, Carolina Salama had to go up and understand your idea.
So this approach is going to be the new thing that we do in creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Brown Valley." What does this mean?
Oh.
KB: What does this mean?
And the terms of terms of treatment, and they are completely interested in a new kind of a new type of media -- in a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that makes the popular perspective.
As I said before I said before, one of the world's computers in the world, John Bang, started in York.
They don't make allowed to express their ideas.
Now we are all a little bit of our own culture.
These are not the careers of the old media -- they are just the minds of the mission -- but they will develop the future.
Thank you.
This is not a story.
It's a room that's still standing.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces of them.
Imagine the first piece -- a man running the work of a whole life.
This is a politician, a man whose life was interested in the unique hope.
Imagine it as the conditions come into Sandan, to find the fact that their life had been completely in the way.
The words, for so many friends -- now they were going on.
It turns out in the solution.
He died by the story.
He's my grandmother.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our resources.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not going to let that have been in a step, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to get it, but we got it.
The next part of the back is about a ball when you have to be able to be able to get up to the sea.
My mother, Mars, I had just 18 years old, when his father died and a complete material and two small children.
For it, life had gone up to a single side, the strategy of his family and a new life in Afghanistan.
It was invisible for her that I couldn't do it.
And then from a four years that I challenge the factor, a ball will get up to the dead diagnosis of a little bit of bird.
All of them knew the risks.
Most of them were the particles, the violence and death.
So like most of the advances, my mother took a fragment with it.
If you care about it, we would first take it my sister and me, and then she and my grandmother.
My first areas are in that boat, the concept of the motor, the same support in each other, and the horizon and value and vaccine.
I don't remember the particles that came up with a number of times, but they were recorded with the full of the men in our barrel, or the way I would die and couldn't be able to go up for six hours.
But I know I remember the lights of the paradigm in the front of the Mars and the young man who came up and died the journey was too much for him, and the first thing I tried to do by the men in the plant.
No man had the same surgeon.
After three months in a field of restaurants, we found in Monterey.
And the next piece of the back is about four women at three genes going to make a new life.
We are going to find us in France, a kind of kind of kind of color that population is about images.
At the difference of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle -- in Frances, there was no sense of the right.
The supplies that come from the tents were the rest of the world.
And the University of English.
My mother worked in malaria, then in a piece of cards of cars -- working six days ago, distributed tons.
Even like this, I found time to study English and get a transportation in TED statistics.
We were poor people.
All of the dollars were addicted, and I was able to have a strange train in English and mathematics, not to matter what you should be able to do, that it actually was a new way, it was always a second hand.
Two parts of media for school, one to put the holes on the other.
And a scale support to the banks, because I had to stop six years old.
And there were lots and a half areas about the short streets, and some graph, "Stripping here?
In home, what?
Something in me.
And I was able to strength and a voice I said, "I'm going to support them.
My mother, my sister and I put in the same way.
My mother was ready every night, but we found about our day and we heard the movement of our grandmother in the house.
My mother support streets, all of the barrel.
And my task was to be defined until their children were going to be able to put it out.
She opened a piece of computers -- then I studied to be straight and open another business.
And the women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the temperature and income and individuals -- and kids were actually passed between two world.
They looked for survey and patterns.
And they were created together.
I live in the strange world.
In one -- it was the station of climate strategy, impressive with what it was depressed.
In the other -- I was interested in the private lives -- it was basically dead by violence -- the desk of drugs and the advance.
But many of you were getting help through the years.
And for that work, when I study my last year of application, I got the young man of the year.
And I went out of a piece of the back to the other, but their body didn't know.
And so I got a sense of Feynman, it was now as far as I was now so surprisingly, I invited to talk to you in terms that I never heard about it, and in home what she would never have ever changed.
I didn't know the protections.
I didn't know how to use the corners.
I didn't know how to talk about view.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the robots and at the course of life in an image -- a mother and two children will end up the day as they did it for almost 20 years ago, and they were going to get on the day of every day and stay down, the three still in the same way.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
I remember that I was now the same age that she had when we went to the barrel.
Not have been an opportunity.
"Health, he said, "You know, you're not going to be what you don't.
So I talked about the young and education and education to the markets and the destructions.
And the more successfully I was going to talk more about it to talk about.
I met people from all the way from life, many of them doing what they were like, living in the front of the possible.
And even though I ended up my line, I realized I could not stay in a career card.
I had to have another piece of the back.
And I realized at the same time that is good to be a network, a new record, new in the stage -- and not just that it's good, but it's something that will be addicted, maybe a record of the barrel.
Because being inside it can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make sure that you can be able to get the presentations of your program.
And I gave the enough step out of my time to know that, yes, that the world is dealing, but not the way we have.
You might not have been allowed to be all all a little bit.
There was a energy there, a complete organization, a religious market of humanity and value.
So I came up with me.
Just just a little group of people for who the line can't do it, it was an amazing challenge.
For a year we didn't have a country.
At the end of every day, it made a giant gun of solution that we all share us.
We worked down to the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy -- but a few biologists, and we took it out.
I took the decided to move the U.S.
And then from one journey.
My colleagues again.
Three months later, I had died and the autonomous automobile.
Before I ended up telling you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time in which the context was the social norm and the local Mars was the person who was important.
The life had not changed for cities.
His father died little after she was born up.
And the mother was used for it.
And at the age of 17 is made in a control of a Mars whose mother was going on.
No support of his husband -- causes a record to it, and it will take the cause of it, and much more recording causes when they go.
You can't do it to be extraordinary.
I was in the course of a hospital in the course of a hospital in Simon when she died -- to 1,000 miles in Monterey.
I looked through the market of the store, and I saw the other side.
I knew I had come to it.
My mother called minutes later.
So days later, we went to a biological technique in Feynmans and we felt about their arm.
We tell him stories and we asked that we were still with it.
On the night a man came up and told us that I had to close the arm.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
I asked the men, "Why his hand is color, and the rest of the body so far?
Because you have taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"You don't have a supercomputer, don't have supported."
If there is a nervous in our family, that box through women.
So what we were in and how life, we can now see that the men who would have come to our lives would have been forced.
The death would have been extremely extremely extracting.
Now I want to have my own children, and I ask you about the bar.
Who could do that for it?
And yet, I take it to the price of the easy of the easy.
Can I give you a program in your lives, support values in every day, the consumer representation of the motor, the hormone video that you don't get anymore."
I don't know.
But if I could give them to you and look at it, I would do it.
It takes New Angeles and also the mother of so far here today in the fourth or something else.
My story starts in Rossem about two years ago.
I was in the design, under the state of the state -- with the control State State.
We were thinking about how nothing has changed.
And in those days when we want them to come back to a car and we get the sky.
Now we do it with architects.
At that time when I came back, the great principle was in the way, I had a back and a street to the ground -- he got water.
Now we do the same thing with markets and machine.
The concept that we had was that the map had done the map.
And that was a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I got this idea of losing the ability to get up and make a pressure if I didn't have the camera if I couldn't take it to my friends.
I found that technology had to allow the map, not kill it.
And I went back to me in the middle of a lot of pilliposes.
And this piece of technology.
It turned into a door dead to a world full of images and notes and nights in my image.
And I had the feeling that the motivations, the laws of light and the camera is that we are.
They were forced our institutions.
And so I got up to this technology to this technology to see how to use it to create mathematics, rather than kill it.
It's a books from the 18 years.
So when I saw the picture I saw a natural device to connect the laws of the world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
It will take the text with the image of the image, the sound, the sound and the source.
The news is getting more and more wrong.
But what does that look like?
I'm going to be able to be able to be able to be able to get Kenya, an interesting activity for iPhone.
He says, "You put your lines on every light."
And so --  says, "This box looks like -- I wrote my name.
And so I got a picture of the book.
In several times I got a card -- the picture knows where I live thank you.
My entire child was interested with all of these possible.
I've talked a lot of magic now.
And I don't mean my friends and deaths, but to that map of infection, those ideas that we get from children.
For some reason, the proteins in a favorite always turned me out.
So for here, we have to increase the person to deal with the proteins.
And in fact, they take your way in what it comes from the book.
Another idea that I was going to tell me about a child was that a whole group is going to be a biology.
So here, every book and every world was transformed in a beauty that I went back to this massive device inside the access.
And this makes a map of it.
In all of the favorite book has always been markets, but they have been massive mathematics.
This is a map that grows up, and you go through the rest of the book.
In a certain point of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another very important thing for me is to create an Indian content and the content of control.
These are the ways.
We all have heard of the homes and the nights, but how many people outside India know their own institutions, the windows?
These poor people have been based on the cameras of India for millions, in a old and a book.
So we are taking them back in a control story.
And in a story that is a story that is about the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been developed, you get up to your Paris, you have not gone to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the institutions of the book is this advance in which you have to go back to the end, take the camera or the iPhone, and you can make images of different natural objects.
And I had a lot of colleagues, and she had a lot of colleagues, paradigm, boxes and children.
For some reason the kids don't do it.
So in order to get this rich of the infection -- you have to go out and in a care, you take a picture to a flag and then you get it.
In another capital, you have to take a picture of a piece of climate and then start it.
In this way you create a digital color of pictures that you can put in the Web in the website.
A child of London put a picture of a box and says, "Oh, I saw a box."
A child of India says, "I'm a mountain."
And it creates this kind of social network in the end of a digital picture of digital pictures that have been going on.
In the middle of the connection between the map, the Earth and technology are a lot of possible.
In the next book we're going to have an interaction in which you go out with the iPhone and the video and a lot of activity -- and you can actually see a group of destiny conditions that come out on the bottom of the house.
In a moment the screen is full of dollars.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and get them to be able to read the rest of the book.
Let's go up to a world where the forces of nature are connected with technology and the technology and technology will come up with each other.
Let's take the energy of the sun.
We are taking our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that map and love and love.
Thank you.
I want to talk about why a lot of health projects are.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did in the University University was to figure out a little bit of the listen to.
And not in a very scientific way, she came up with a little card of carbon or I asked patients, family and known -- what happened?
"How can we help it?
And we used to think -- that this is one of the biggest problems for what all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the projects of health projects -- because we stop listening to.
This is my William stage. It's very simple.
It has a piece of strength and approach.
All of the morning shows me.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to go back to 75 Kenness.
But it's so simple that every time I met my information to Google Hollywood.
And my head has access to him as well. And so he can see what my weight problem is not at the same time where it needs collaborative access or some research of that stage, but to see it back.
But there's another thing.
As a few of you know, I have more than four degrees in Twitter in Twitter at all.
So every morning I connected to my wind window and before I went back to my car, people start to talk to you, London, I think you need a free language.
So that's the best thing that can happen -- because it's a picture of the parts used to help the patients -- because it could be used for organic, and also for the patients stop forced.
On the other hand, it can be able to move to the people of their streets and together to develop some real activity to have more control of their health.
By the week of the next week.
So this little card connected to an image or another device or a device.
And people can be able to be able to take their own artist, to send their doctor -- and share with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients are going to take the control and to be aware of their own barrel, but it can also help us to the health of health because of the challenges that we find -- like the designer of the cost of the medical attention -- the distribution of the drug and other issues.
It will make tools that are simple to use and start with this to invest patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but as well as it also controlled.
And one of the things we did to share with you with you with a video.
We all have control control.
Maybe we even have them in our cells.
We know exactly where they are the artistic leaders in Mars.
And also where all the galleries.
And of course, we can find high food.
But where is the most expensive DNA to help this patient?
We said, but no one happened.
No one knows where to get the DNA in this moment.
What we did was to make collaborations in the United States.
We created a Web, and we asked the audience to look at the audience -- you see a DNA, by the way you can see them, and when it's open -- because sometimes they open in terms of office and others are collected.
And over 10 dollars are already made in the United States.
The next step was to look for the attention for that.
And we did a access for the iPhone.
We created a activity to laugh -- I mean, to find these DNA.
And every time they are in the city of Mars and someone else -- you can use their iPhone, and the next week to use their mission of mission to find the highest DNA, which can save lives.
And despite today, I want to introduce this -- not just like DNA Deposition, which is the name of the product but as well as DNA.
And we wanted to start the global level.
We are putting all the colleagues in the world, in other universe, so that they help us find and act like a center for the DNA of Deposites around the world.
Every time you get from vaccines and someone else, you can be a part or somebody else from you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invest in companies all over the world that could help us take these DNA.
They could be service of message or people, for example, to see whether DNA that shows is still in their place.
By the way, you will hear in this and not just improve your health, but take the control of it.
Thank you very much.
I am here to share a photograph.
Or is it particular picture?
Because of course, they are pictures that can't take with their camera.
My interest in the photograph was found with my first digital camera to the 15 years.
And he moved up with my passion before the drawing, but it was a little bit different because by using the camera the process was in the planet.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process of the process that you have to do when you get the pilot.
For me, the photograph had more than to be in the right place in the right time.
I found that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different -- a process that would start to protect the property.
pictures like this -- a building in a very short card.
But it has a serious sea.
And despite it, it makes a level of reality.
Or pictures like these -- selections and colors to the time, but with the common goal to keep the level of reality.
And when I say I mean photographers.
Because of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to be able to have been able to have a little bit of a picture.
You put them in which you have to think about a moment to discover the transport.
It has more than to do with an idea that is going to be able to capture a moment.
But what is the subject that makes them seem to be real reality?
Are the data or colleagues?
Do you understand the light?
What do you create the instrument?
Sometimes the intervention is perspective.
But at the end is about our way of understanding the world and how you can put in a biological surface of it.
It's actually not about whether it is really, but what we think is true.
So I think the conditions are very simple.
I see it as a record of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and we put them to create an artificial reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfect objects that we can all reduce with the traditional world.
But you get a certain way you can create something that still looks like.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we put the brain because the brain doesn't get the fact that that really doesn't have sense.
And I see the same process when you get the pictures of it.
It's really going to make different reality.
And the things that make a picture like a picture that I think are those in the ones that we don't even think, the things that are going on in our own life.
But when you change pictures is very important to think about it, because in another way it will be wrong.
And so I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will be able to make real results.
As you can see, these images are not very species.
But constantly, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the picture of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the computer pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images came up with these records, they were taken to the same automobile and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to draw the first and the end of the different images with a perfect universe.
It has to be impossible to see where the picture.
This is another example.
It might think that this is the image of a paradigm and the bottom part of it is marketing.
But this picture is completely connected by different places.
In the personal point I think it's easier to create a place to find because you don't need to put the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planet.
And as I thought this idea in invention knew that I had a number of months to protect it, to find the different organizations for the pieces of the background.
For example, the fish was made in a side of sea.
The cost of a different education.
The support part was made in a little bit.
And yes, I even made the house of the top of the idea so that it would seem more survival.
So to get a real result I think it makes a plant particular.
It always starts with a bit of a bit -- an idea.
Then you have to change the different picture.
And here every piece is very well thinking about it.
If you make a good job when you take the pictures that you can be very beautiful.
All the tools are there and the only line is our imagination there.
Thank you.
Let me start to show you a slide about technology, really surrounded.
Please can put it.
This is a diagram that took out of a me.
I'm not interested in to show you the democracy but the general approach.
This is a self-destroying thing that we were doing about the potential of the reason that we would see the potential of the local area.
The interesting thing about this is that this is, as a lot of other people we used to see, is a kind of line in high scale.
In other words, every step of here represent an order of magnitude in the scale scale scale.
So I'm talking about technology with some security cards is something normal.
Here is something else.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please get the lights up.
It needs more interesting because I will write on paper.
Why do we make the technologies in scale scales, in scales of scales.
The answer is that if you leave them in a normal cure in which you say, these are the years, or some of the other time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to get to get to -- the difference would look like a ridiculous thing.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you do, for example, some other technology -- like the transportation, in a high colony would be very terrifying, we would see a red line.
But if you happen something like this, you give a collective change.
If the technology technology will take as fast as microscope, we could be able to take a transportation and be in Earth in 30 seconds of it.
But I didn't get that room.
There is no pressures in the history of the technology of the technology of a growing growth that every few years old of magnitude.
The question I want to play is -- looking at these experiences -- we see that they don't keep extraordinary.
It's not possible to keep this change as fast as it is.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical trick -- I know like this until it takes something completely different or maybe doing something like this.
That's everything that can happen.
I'm objective, so I think maybe it will happen something like this.
So we're going to be in the middle of a transportation.
In this line we are in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I try to ask -- and ask me, what is that new way that you get the world?
So what is new is the world?
It looks very, very concerned if we're important in it.
I remember that the future happened in the year 2,000 and people used to talk about what was going on in the year.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is going to be 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been engaged, year after year, at my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is going on.
And we can be able to feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will all be so different that we're doing what we're doing today has any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experience it.
But to do that to make a little bit of things that don't have a lot to do with technology.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take directly and look at things like this.
The time that I'd like to do this is the time of life in Earth.
I think this picture has sense if we look at each billion years.
So we took a few million years of years when the Earth was a great strange room with many chemical conditions that were going around you.
If you look at the way that you get out of those chemicals we give you an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are trees to start to understand the organization with AIDS -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this and it is that, in that moment, there were a set of access to all kinds of access with all sorts of chemical areas in their environment.
Some of those arms of access would tell a particular combination of chemicals that made them make materials from the outside and so forth.
And they started discovering.
In a certain sense, those were the most profound cell forms -- those grandmothers of access.
But those guys were not lives, in the current sense, because every one of them would tell a high advanced record.
And every time you get up with a distribution of the conditions that you know.
So every government was a little different.
In fact, the gas in some way you have to be better at the time of getting the control controls, and they grow more constructions, and they get more construction and they get more.
They usually live more time, they were more relationship.
It was a form of life, very simple life, but the things were taken interesting when these gentlemen learned the terms of the anticipation.
In some way we don't understand very well these governments learned to make information.
They learned to get information, which was the record of the cell -- in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they developed in this evolution without sense, a computer system that allowed them to figure out what they were in order to be able to represent.
The amazing thing is that that basic system seems to be straight since you evolved about 2,000 million years.
Our group, our genes have exactly the same code -- that same system.
In fact, every living is experience with exactly the same set of laws and the same code of it.
And one of the things that I did only do is we can write things with this code now.
Here I have 100 millions of white police that I try to move to people in the security of the supply.
But I got -- I took this code -- the code has the common leaders that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA of DNA and I make it 10 to 20 times.
And so if someone wants 100 million miles of my personal barrel -- I have a lot of people in fact, in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If it was a school would have put it into a virus and I would have been space by the room.
What was the next step?
It was going to write DNA was an interesting country.
This made these cells have been happy about a billion years.
But then another great step happened in which things were taken very different and it was that these cells started to figure out and communicate information to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get
I don't know if you know it, but the bacteria can get DNA.
In that way, for example, you evolved the answer to the antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid the police and they put them to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are lots and a lot of responsibilities to the pressure because the bacteria are community.
So this community gave you a place that you would be communities that were in a way, and they were together in that, and they had a sense.
And so you get out of that way, or you would be that if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community they were getting more and they were familiar by evolution in it.
And the point of innovation happened when these communities were used as much that in fact, they were used and decided to write all the result of the community together in a DNA.
The next thing for life took other billion years.
And in that stage we have multiple communities of many different kinds of different cells working together as a single program.
In fact, we are a modern community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The cell of the skin is not without the heart of the heart, or the motion, or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and they were getting more interesting levels than the cell -- something we call a organism.
The next level happened inside these community.
They started to get information.
And to build very special structures that they don't make more information in the community.
They're the normal structure.
The neurons are the activities that produce information that those cell communities built in.
In fact, they started to wait within the community as well as the responsible structures of representing, understanding the information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those community.
And that gave them an evolutionary advance.
Because in that moment as an individual -- the learning was connected to the detail of an organization and not at the period of economic time.
So an organization could -- for example, to learn how to eat a certain force because I knew bad and it was asked the last time the food.
That could happen during the life of an organization that they had been built by these products of information of information that the evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years of thousands of years by the death of the individuals that died that framework.
So the fact that the fact that the nervous system would build those information structures that are able to get up the economic process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual now.
It could happen in time needs to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the terms of the community.
So for example, the most fundamental version we know is the human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible research.
I have a very complicated idea in the head.
I am sitting here -- I am sitting up with a bunch of groups, and with survival, building a similar idea and controlled, in their head that would come up with a certain access with me.
But we take a very complicated thing that we turn it into sound in the sounds of sound and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That is now allowed us to start to work as a organism.
In fact, as humanity -- we've started to make antibiotics.
Now we're going to go through the similar organisms to the modern organisms -- we are going to take our records of region, present and information.
For example, the language of language was a little step in that direction.
The telescope, the control, the control, the CO2, and so on.
And that brings us in something much bigger and faster and able to explore more than what we did before.
Now the evolution can happen in microscopes.
And you saw the evolution of you in which you produce a certain evolution with the programming program, to our eyes.
And now we have taken the scale of time again.
The first states of the story that I told them about a billion years every single one.
The next states, the nervous system and the brain, took a few million years.
The next one.
And the next one, as the electronics, it seems to take a few decades ago.
The process is represented, I guess that collaboration is the right word to name something that takes their own change.
The more change, faster it does.
And I think this is what we look at in this explanation of collaboration.
We see that the process is represented.
But I give you the life design and I know that the companies that are going to be able to make them not be able to be possible without the real infections.
But now design objects of so complex that it would be impossible for me to design them in a critical way.
I don't know that it does every story in that machine.
There are thousands of million.
Instead of that, with the TED Devices -- we think about a level of anticipation, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you can't be able to get much faster and faster than never before.
In fact, sometimes they don't even understand what we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting, which I've been using last is the evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that used in the scale of the microscope.
And for example, in the most extreme cases -- we can evolved a program to be a kind of an instrument self-construction.
We said, "Why do we say, please can run up a hundred miles of institutions to take them?
Can you be able to take these kinds of institutions in order to bring all of those programs -- and take those people who get up to what we want to do?
In other words, I decided what I want.
So let's say I want to give you numbers to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are going to make up numbers.
Of course, it is a little bit likely to be likely to be a sense of institutions of institutions, so none of them do it.
But one of the survey, I could make two numbers in the right.
And I said, compassion, could you take 10 percent of those self-constant secrets that make the task?
Let's take those and take the rest of it.
And now we remember the ones that are better.
And we went back to them to get a process of representative responsibility to security."
Let's take two programs -- which will be able to get children -- and that the children have the problems of both of them.
And so we got a new generation of products of programmers that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Why do you say the process.
Call again.
And I got a few materials.
And I tried to take it back with another generation of it.
Well, every generation takes a few millions.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in a few minutes.
At the end of the end, we ended up with programs that make numbers in absolutely perfect way.
In fact, they are much more efficient than I could have written to hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to put it to see how they work.
They are small program.
But you get the company.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a hundreds of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives stop doing it.
Once I was in a 140 with Mars Mars and he took a barrel and he says, "Look, this.
He says, "This area has hundreds of thousands of particles that work together to support a secure floor. You don't make you feel about it?
We know that the engineers of engineers don't work very well when they get complexity.
So we started to stop the computers to make some different design process.
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex things that produce the normal engineers as well.
However, we don't understand the whole thing that we are.
In that sense, it goes out of us.
Now we use those programs to make a lot more faster and so that we can be able to be able to be able to take this much more quickly.
Or it is, you know, it goes down.
The thing is increasingly faster and that's why I think it looks like it looks like it looks like this.
Because all of these technologies are represented.
We are standing.
And we are in a moment in a moment of the universal organisms when they become microbes.
We are the first ones and we can't understand what we are creating us.
We are in the point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very architecture of our part of thinking that we are the end of the evolution of education.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what it comes from.
But now it comes up and I think I will go up here before you get up here.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that should change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that I'm me.
And I've taken enough time to let me give you a part of my favorite paradigm in that.
Before I was trying to treat my talk, we talk a little bit about biological.
Why isn't it?
We are close to the end of the end of the United States.
We love the biology, right?
The beauty is full of amazing statistics of them.
There are hundreds of students.
It's going to be able to get the regions, talk about the students and use them to form a great team of bank.
I'm going to focus on one of them and hope that many of you know it.
It's called the average profit.
And we talked about 300 of a bacteria that was based on.
And that means that the basic bacteria is about 10 times.
That means to take the language to the field of game without being addicted, and that any one I tried to get to the first barrel, it doesn't go to time, and the second thing will be saved.
Three trying to try about 10 percent of 10 attempt of 10 attempt trying to do.
You know how they call a 300 in the Great Lines?
Well, really well, maybe the team of the stars.
You know how you call a bank back of military.
And by the way, that's somebody who has about 10 degrees -- it takes four percent.
Let me start -- like the Lego Learning Linux, the last plan of the Millennium Millennium at the end of the Milling Montana in order to get more than 400 degrees in a recording transport.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable -- or maybe less invention, after what I'll tell you today.
It turns out that they have a little bit of and they are willing to a classroom that has a radio of 400 in a season.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now guess they live in a particular place and one will be a little bit like two artists and their family drug and the family of the family to a quality of the risk is about 200 percent.
But you know what?
She is going to actually make this year.
They have been 24.
This is not work.
But I'll ask you.
What do you believe that you must be the average of a heart of a heart or a collection of a nurse or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother
1,000 very well.
And the truth of the point is that no one in the whole medicine.
What we do, though, is to send it to the world, and I get in, with the concept of being perfect people.
And I never have to get a team and try to figure out how to do good.
That was the message that I was going to when I was in the medicine.
And I was a construction student.
Once a section in the security said that George Gene studied to a short street.
Maybe which is.
I was in my little designer, in the restaurant of the world's General General Revolution, not from here.
And I learned all of me.
In my surgeon of antibiotic, I measure the organization and the work of the arm of every art that comes out of the automobile, the digital difference and not enough.
And I even know the different difference about how to be able to be able to get the relationship of the relationship.
And as it takes more and more knowledge.
And I was going to be very good.
And you get out of the medical school that if you measure everything -- then I would know everything -- or the most possible thing, because I was going to get out of the ecosystems.
And it works for a time, until I met the Street Darwin.
And I was responsible in a college hospital here, in Earth when they brought the Street Department to the security of the evidence where I worked on.
At the time I got into the search of cartoonist.
And when you choose to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get up to that patients.
And it will be able to go into the restriction of the responsibility.
When I saw the Street Darwinian, I was going on.
And I heard a little source.
And when the floor, I listen to a solid sound in both of them, which led me to a consequence of conservation control.
In these conditions the heart of working and instead of looking at the blood into it, the blood is going to the pills, these are full of blood -- and that's why there is a lot of distribution.
And it wasn't hard to discover.
I did it and I was going to work on the treatment that I would tell you.
And he gave him a paradigm and drug to affect the pressure in his heart.
He gave him distribution, so that I could be able to be able to be able to choose it.
And in one hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And there was when I put the first team, I sent it into your house.
In fact, I made two more.
He sent her home without talking to the recording region.
I didn't hear the phone and I did what I should have done, which was to call my daughter and put it up with him to see it.
And if my daughter would have seen it -- I would have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get
Maybe I did it for a good right.
Maybe I didn't want to be a responsibility that I was going to be able to get a lot of conservative.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to be able to be able to be able to get out of my patients without even telling my song.
The second thing that I eat was worse to do.
When you send her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interest who said, "Which is not a good idea. You don't do it.
In fact, I was so proud that I asked the word that I went to the state of Darwinian, "You think it's good if you go to your house?
And then I thought, and then he said with the natural term, "Yes, I think it will be.
I remember that as if it was.
And so it was that it was that I was going to go up with the street, and the light together with the patterns took their house.
And I went back to the room.
The rest of that day, that day, I had a bad thing in the street.
But I kept with my work.
At the end of the day, I took to leave the hospital and walk up to the strategy where I was my car to go home -- at that time I did something that I don't do.
I went through the service of the way to home.
And there another number, not the one who came out of the Street Darwin before, but he told me three words -- those three words that most of the drugs that are going to do.
So other species are also the third of them as well, but there is a particular thing in education and is that we see the specific patients.
The three words are. Do you get you?
Do you get from the patient that I sent on your house."
I asked the other thing to do with nature.
"Well, she came back, with the same time of voice again.
She was good.
But I'll go back and go back to the death.
At the case of a time to have come back to his house, after I gave the high street, I got a color and his family called the 1980s, the desks were brought up with an artificial pressure of 50 miles of Honor, which means a surgeon survival.
And I just turned out and I was blue.
And the personal people will stop all their resources.
They gave him drugs to go up with an artificial pressure of it.
And they put it an artificial responsibility.
I was considered and happened to the middle.
I had a sense of feeling because then they were in the exploration of the interview and waiting against all hope that would be represented.
And in the two or three days old that I would never want to work.
He had a real brain data.
The family was taken up.
And in eight or nine days, they went back to what was happening.
And at the course of the day, they let them go. The Street Diana, sports, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the name of the ones they die.
That was my first experience.
The next few weeks old, I went up with it, and I experience for the first time that there is in our medical culture and I felt just -- standard, without feeling that look at the street because you can't talk to your colleagues to you.
You do the patterns and you never eat that terrible.
It's that look like a teacher.
And the kind of male language that I talk about is that it makes us feel very bad by inside it.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're wrong.
And that felt like that.
And it wasn't for my box." He was a sense.
And I talked to the family and I'm sure that I would get the things out and make sure that I was not going to stop me.
And I kept doing those questions.
Why did I not ask my face? Why did I send it back to your house?
And in my worst moment, why do I eat a strategy so strange?
Why is I managedration.
It's a little bit of that feeling that was despite.
And I began to feel better.
And in one day, he took the ice and finally came up the sun and I asked me if I would feel better again.
And I made a deal with myself in which if I was released to be perfect to be perfect to not make the more experiments.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it was going to happen.
Two years later, I was helped in the education of education in a community at the North Art, and I got a man of 25 years with a danger in the graph.
I was very excited and appropriate.
And he knew here.
He looked at his graph, he was a little bit climate.
And I took it up and I sent it into your house.
But as he goes up to the door he was going to be able to keep his graph.
Two days later, when I came to make my color change -- my box asked me to talk about with me in his office.
And I tried the three words -- is you going to do that?
Do I remember the patient that I saw for a danger in the grandmother?
So he came back and he didn't have a strategic factor.
I had a very wonderful support called education.
You can see it in Google -- it's a invention, not from the graph, but from the grandmother water, and that can cause the close of those go.
He said, depression, not fantastic.
And it became an amazing thing to go up and go back to the few days.
And you go through the same period of logic and characters, then I went back and go back to work, until I went over and over again, and again.
Two times in the same theory of controls, not distributed attention.
And it is a great effort -- especially working in a hospital -- because it looks like 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's a design.
One of them thought that I had a real calculation.
And you get a radio rate of gardens, but it turns out that it was a number that I was getting to the patient a certain sense in the bottom of the right and called the classroom.
The other patient was with a long day.
And they put it up to read and asked my colleagues to get it up.
And you get it up and you will be able to get a certain sense in the bottom of the right, called the class.
both of them were used and they were going well.
But every case I was going on, I was standing up.
But I would like to tell you that I put the worst terrible terms in the first five years of exercise and as a lot of colleagues say, it's a body.
The most means have been for the last five years.
It just goes up and without support.
And here is the problem -- if I can't leave and talk about my bones, if I can't find the point that I really tell you what it really happens, how can you share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this so that they don't make the same trains?
If I go to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you listen to someone talking about families, after familiar, after families.
Of course in a picture you will listen to the economists of other medical drugs.
And if I went up and my colleagues also -- that a transition in my hospital as the wrong leg, and I would have to have a lot to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total business.
It's the system in which there are two politicians, which they eat economists and the ones that you can't stop and the ones that you have to do is the ones that have the results and the ones that have a little bit.
And it's almost like a perfect reaction -- as an artists that start to act to that person.
We have the idea that if we get out of medicine to the people who eat ecosystems, we will be a safe system.
But that takes two problems.
In 20 years ago -- I have done a little bit of a bad personal study of a bad decision of bad devices to learn how much possible -- from the first article that I wrote for the Texas State to my program to my program.
And what I learned is that babies are completely.
We work in a system where the neurons happen every day, in which one of every 10 degrees in the hospital are wrong in the hospital are wrong -- or the audience is not right. In a system where international institutions are increasingly more and more neurons -- they will bring carbon and death.
In this country, they want 25 degrees for the massive medical drugs.
The United States of the United States.
In both cases, it's about support security, because we're not looking at the problem as we should be.
And this is what things are.
A hospital system where the knowledge is going down every two or three years, and we don't get it.
The production of the dream invented everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have the cognitive supplies that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient with the paradigm.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the roof, and it comes up with the light eyes and with a sea and the rest of the street, and of course, my story has been desperately.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things as well.
And my patients are not carefully. They don't reduce their symptoms always in the same way.
For all of this, the neurons are invention.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we went to all the problems that I was going to do -- well, not to be anything.
And as much as people don't want to talk about their most great cases?
In my program.
And their students are going to get up, they record the head and they would go back and start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, they don't get the same team.
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a relative medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The red doctor is human -- you know, you know, and you don't get away from your mistakes -- but you get it to learn from the happened to teach others.
They share their experience with them.
It's support for those of you who talk about your ecosystems.
It takes the benefits of other people not with the interest of transporting them, but in a dark way and support for all of them to be benefits.
And I work in a medical culture that needs human beings to give up the system, and when this happens, they get tons of time.
My name is Britain Germany.
I'm a relative medicine.
I am a human company.
And I feel a lot of it, but I feel about learning something that can treat others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me run with three personal words -- I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we took one day, right?
Do you know how much let's move in a week.
And I did a little bit more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that he says to get a half a half a day.
It doesn't make a lot, in a research to a week to a week of companies.
The researchers brought up the different tasks that are designed by these education and time that they were going to take a lot of related decisions with those tasks.
They found that, in the middle -- they get 120 work per week.
And basically every job even has a lot of ministers.
half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Just 12 percent.
Now think about their choice.
Do you know how many of you are going to the cartoon of nine minutes, and how many of you in a hour of a hour.
How do you change the way that you make those decisions?
So today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the activity, to choose the support of opportunity.
I want to talk to you about the problem and a few solutions of it.
As I talk about this I'm going to do a few questions and I need to know their answer.
When I make a question, like I am a child, you get your hand only if you want to be able to get careers.
On the other way, when you make a question, if your answer is possible for the way you get a paradigm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to talk about the problem of the support of communication?
Thank you.
It will be a state of the University of the University of September, and it was a very, very high level of a very, very high level at least in that time was very sophisticated at the time.
It's called Denticians.
It was almost how to go to a couple of difference.
There were like 25 different kinds of stars and virus, more than 500 different kinds of frames and records and about 25 percent water, and this was when we did water water.
I would love to go to that store, but in one room I asked me, why never bought anything to do it?
So this is the subject of the atmosphere.
They had over 75 different kinds of different kinds of different, including the ones that were in the middle of the military trees that they were going on.
One time I decided to visit the generation, and I asked him, "I was going to be able to support all these opposites?
And he took me up the baseball banks that had all of the days, usually with their camera.
We decided to do a little experiment. This is the market.
Parallel passed.
They had 33 different kinds of different.
We put a little bit to get up, just to the inside of the state.
We put out there from six sea, or about 24 different substances, and we looked at two things -- first of all, what did people have been willing to try to try to test the manufacturing?
More people were left when there was 24,000 percent -- a 60 percent -- that when there was only six percent.
We also look at what the case were more likely to buy a piece of market.
So here we find the opposite effect here.
And what they were left when there were 24, only three percent of them to buy market.
What they were looking at when there were six -- we saw that 30 percent.
If we do the cars, people had six times more likely to buy magazine if they found six that if they found 24.
Well, I decided that we don't buy medical -- we are going to be good to get the line, but it turns out that the problem of the opportunity of choice is going on to us in a very good transportation.
We decided not to decide -- even when this doesn't tell us.
Now the issue of the day, the financial side.
So I'm going to describe a study that I did with George Hongs, and William Japan, in which we looked at the decisions on surgeons for the quality of a million Americans of a million Americans in the top of this country.
We were interested in looking at if the number of forces that were available in spiritual plants for colors, the 1980s, desperately described people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a color.
We had 75 planets who were from two, until 60 different opportunity.
And we found that the bigger was the number of observations -- there were less particular.
So if we look at the experiences, we see that in the plants that make two forces, the rate rate was about 70 or more, not as high as they wanted it.
And in the plants that are going to come up about 60 degrees -- the particular rate of the particular piece of paralyzed.
It turns out that even if you decide to pay -- when there are more opportunities -- even in that case, there are negative consequences there.
So for those people who decided to participate -- the more people were in the number of choices -- more people were been able to avoid access or the forces of invention.
And in the way there were more opportunities -- they were more willing to invest in some financial finances.
But none of these extraordinary decisions are the ones that we will remember to support the future financial future.
In the last decade we have seen three main negative conditions to support more and more possible.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision -- which is still when it goes into the inside of the interest of it.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions and in the health.
They are more likely to support less symptoms, even though they often get better.
The main reason is that we run with that kind of malaria male -- show, flowers and method, but we are not able to make the cells to share and get out and get out of that intervention intervention.
So today I want to introduce you for four simple tools that we have taught -- in a way or another, in different research, so that they can teach them in their business.
The first is, Cartific.
You have heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which is more.
People always go up when I say, "Child."
They are worried about losing space.
But what we're looking at is that if you decided that if you decided to run up, you get out of extraordinary options -- there will be an increase in the videos, you will go up with the costs -- there will be a better experience.
And when I was going to go from 24 different kinds of Homo September -- September to 15, you saw a 10 percent.
And when the World War ends up the products for cars that are going to come up in the careers that are going to come up with the users in 88, for two causes and the less computers and less costs.
And you know that the support of today, in the middle of the average are 45 products of it.
And in a third of Wall you get up about 100 product.
But the largest thing in the world is the largest world in the current world is Allen and supported only 1,000 products -- a kind of street take on a state.
And in the world of the financial surgeons, I think one of the best examples that have come on about how to make better choice is the planet of David Laws, the program.
All of the employees of Harvard are additional to a sense of life.
And who they really want to stay up, they get them 20 forces, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to go.
All of these are important opportunities.
The first thing I do is to ask you to ask the employees, and you get the differences that there are between those opportunity.
And if your employees can't be able to make your colors."
So this task, before I started this service, I was talking to Garden.
He said to me that it would be willing to support the people in this audience a lot of paradigm with all of them in the world of the world.
Here a destruction.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to get a care if you're ready to take the operation of Gandhi.
(Audience: Okay. All of which is ready to accept the office.
Are they not more, aren't it?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew that there was a transport.
Who is ready for that trip."
I think it's actually a more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first room, which in the second -- but I can figure out that they thought the second time was more true.
Because the images made it more reality.
This brings me to the second technical to make the problem of the support of the opportunity that is Congo.
So for people to understand the differences between choices -- they have to understand the consequences of each education, and the consequences should feel very closed, very constant.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 to 30 percent in average when it uses death or crime, which when you use education?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that it will be more true, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
So we did a study with San Benjamin and Stephen Professor, about Peter Prize that they worked in AIDS -- these people were in a meeting in which they were going to be addicted to a 4970s.
And at that room, we think exactly how it comes together, we did a little advance.
What we took was that we had the person who would think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they had more money.
With this mission there was an increase in the advances of 20 and an increase in the amount that they were interested in save or what they wanted to put in their own surgeons from four.
The third technical is Columbia.
We can make more careers than opportunities.
For example, this is a study that we did in a paradigm of records.
We saw that in the Western Superships at the top of the norm, the recording of records can come from 37 different kinds to 7877.
But you know?
Because the quality of me inspired me how to do it.
These are two streets of surgeons.
One is called "Star and the other one, "Star Steve.
If you think about the left of the left is San and the right of the right.
(Audience: Well, there's some of them.
If you think about the left of the left is Japan, and the right of the right is San, you get a parachute.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The left is Japan and the right of the right is Stanford. But you know what?
So this kind of climate is completely interview.
Cancers have to be able to identify something to me, not than the destructions.
You can often see this problem with those huge limbs of food.
So who are they going to be informed."
My own cardiovascular cardiovascular consumption.
It turns out that we can make a lot more information than what we think about, if we just think about it.
We have to increase the complexity of it.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean to say.
Let's look at a good decision -- the buy of a car.
This is a state access of cars that allow us to put it up.
You have to take 60 decisions to take the car.
And these decisions are going to go in the number of opportunities that affect each one.
Colors, I have a complete corner of the car -- I have 54 possibilities.
Motor, for change, four opportunity.
So what I'm going to do is to take the order to make the decisions happen.
And so half of the colors are going to go from a lot of opportunities -- 50 colors -- for a few children, for a few cars.
The other half of the colors are going to go out of a little bit of options, four cars, a lot of colleagues, a lot of opportunity.
And what am I going to look like?
So what are you going to see you are.
So if you get it as well as you can always have a decision in every decision in every decision -- this is that you are adding -- or you are, we're losing them.
We found that the ones who are going from a lot of opportunities to a few of them -- they put up the biologist over and over and over again.
We lose them.
If you go from a few opportunities to many, they keep there.
The same information, the same number of opportunity.
The only thing I did was to get the order of the order that the information.
If we start with the easy, you learn to stay.
Even though the box of changes is not saying anything about the protections of the Internet, all of us would ask us to choose it.
We have a product that we are building that we now have more closest with the process.
In order to survive.
I've talked about four tools to move the problem of the support of operation, Carter, to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make it real -- Columbia, we can be able to move more careers with less opportunities with complexity.
All of these tools that I've been designed to be designed to help you to help the antibiotics, or better for you, to use them in their things, or for people who are going on.
It is that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being able to stay up.
And the more we've been in our choices we can be able to protect the art of it.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the U.S. Earth -- if you had a machine to write you had to get it up to the government.
And I had to get a piece of example of example with the machine.
And this for the government could be able to get the order of the terrible.
If you found a written with the right message you could be able to break the street up to the order of the idea.
In the West we didn't know that somebody could do this, so much that this would lead to the freedom of experience.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2010, if you buy a kind of a big color of any big access of any big and I put a page -- that page will end up having a few improvement police points in every page that you have a pattern that makes them out of one and your pressure.
That's happening today.
And nobody looks like a lot of this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, the cities.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world in the line we can be able to get up on their architects.
There are three main group.
They're the colors.
As the Mr. Diamond Guile from the city of Kenya, in Electronics.
The molecules is very easy to understand it.
These guys make money.
They use a lot of money to make a lot of money.
There are actually a lot of cases of millions of millions in line -- malaria, which would take money with their architects.
This is Carolina Telescope, and Stanford Telescope.
This is Greek Gene.
This is Steve Walk.
This is Barry State.
These are Mars Anderson: Take Alanda and so on.
These guys do their kinds of line, but they do it by the local terrible temperatures to bring money from our own things when we buy in line -- or they were released our key to get information in our arms when we bought in a computer computer.
The American service of the United States -- two months ago, collaboration is the survey of this sea, San Japan, and this question was 143 million dollars when it was constructed.
Mr. Salama standards -- it gets out of his paradigm.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is coming from a collaboration that of a reality.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be wrong.
In the future, most of them will happen in line.
The second group of actions in important that we look at today is not modern by money.
There is another thing that moving them, they move them up to them, and they move them up to them, and they move them down the rooms.
groups like Anders have discovered in the last 12 months to get a paper in the street in the line.
So those are the three main architects, the creatures that do for money, the markets like Andrews that do it to protect it, and the last group are the national state of the government that they are active.
And then we see cases like Dinner Dinner.
That is a good example of galaxy against their own cities.
Dictionary is an architecture of colleagues of the Palestinians or actually it was.
And I decided the last one because of a stranger.
And they support the security of the site and put a classic.
The week last week I asked -- in a meeting with the regions of the Chicago government, I asked one of the leaders if they were able to put the death of people in the car to Diana to Diana.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from a care of this?
Distribution is a correct architecture.
They get colors.
Why do you take the corresponds?
Well, you need if you have a website with homes, services self-destructive security, services like George.
So I used to understand a little bit of a strange correct.
And that they are going to be accessible careers.
And in the case of Dick happened exactly that.
And what happened in the robot and those things that have happened, for example, in Earth?
Well, in choose the states that are standing on the state of the police security in the middle of 2010, and during the ground of the building, they had a lot of parents.
And between those patterns was this paradigm there.
And within that card there was no neurons from a company that had been done in Allen that I had lost the tools of tools to interact a great scale of the cities of the country.
They had seen this tool for 2007 to the experience of the economic government there.
The state of the company is right here.
You know, the Western governments will give them tools to the traditional governments to do this to their cities.
But the Western governments are also doing this to itself.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, just a couple of weeks ago, a transition used by the operating government to research their own cities.
If you are safe in a critical case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested in.
But today it's more there.
It's interested in the Internet.
They use even tools like the Texas State to interact our computer with a transition to allow us to see all the community, and listen to the distances in line to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, I think it looks wrong -- but I really don't care because I am a horizontal city.
Why would I control?
I don't have anything to have to have?
And that argument doesn't have sense.
It's in play.
Protein is not described.
It's not a question of private against security against it.
It's about the freedom against control.
So if we could trust our government today in 2010, any right that we remember today, will be forever.
Do we think about any future government in a restriction that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live in Kenya, in the South part of the National National Park.
So these are the vaccines of my dad -- in the bottom -- and behind the cards, the National Park of National National Park.
The National National Institute has no close in the largest part of the south -- which means that animals like the blood boxes are full of the part.
And depressions, like the leaders, and this is what they do.
They make our card.
This is one of the ones who killed for the night, and so soon we put it into the morning and we found it a little bit wrong because it was the only third we had to do.
My community, we believe that we come out of the sky with our animals and all the land to put them, and so we take them so much.
So I grew up using a lot of leaders.
They move them out of the wars that protect our community and the ball, and they're also money with the problem.
So they make legs.
This is one of the six laws that they were born in National at all.
I think this is why there are so few in the National Park of the National Park.
A child in my community, in the six to nine years -- it's responsible to his father and this was the same thing I was going on to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire -- because I thought that the laws would give them fear of it.
But I realized that actually this doesn't mean -- because I even helped the laws to see the limb of it.
I didn't get it.
A second idea was to use a space.
I was trying to go to the laws to believe that I was close to the state.
But the laws are very smart --  -- they came up the first day and saw the space, and they were like, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing is not moving -- it's always here.  So they went out and they made animals.
So one night I was walking around from the state with a arm and that day the laws didn't come from.
I found out that the laws are afraid to the light that is moving up.
So I had an idea.
And I got a character with the ones that I would learn and make the light.
And this is a little bit of a robotic line.
All everything.
As you can see, the solar paper is the barrel and the bank based on the little control to the small institution. I call it a transportation.
And the international box makes the lights come down.
As you can see, the banks go out there, because that's where the laws come from.
And this is how you see it when you come from night.
And the lights go up and play the laws to think that I'm walking through the store, but I am dead in my body.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never got to have problems with the leaders.
And the streets of the version is the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had been killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the light.
I said yes.
You can see it. You can see the forest, these are the lights for legs.
Since then, I've been interested in seven house in my community and they're looking at a lot.
And my idea is also used now for the whole King, to take other destructions like homes, lines, and it's also used to be used for the banks.
Thank you to this invention -- I had the way to get a ball in one of the best schools in Kenya, British Anderson, and I'm very excited about it.
My new school now is helping us to get together and control.
I even took my friends to my community and we put light in the house that you don't have them, and I teach you how to put them.
So one year ago, I was just a child in the principles of the knew I was going to put the cars out of my father, and I used to look at the virus and I said that some day would be inside one.
And here I'm today.
I got the opportunity to come back for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to get to be engineering and picking up when it grows up.
I used to go to the leaders, but now as my research is going to save the vaccines of my dad and the laws -- we can be with the laws without any conference.
So what I got in my language -- thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like you.
So I got a bank.
CA: You are working on other education.
What is the next in your list?
RB: My next invented -- I want to make a high electricity. CA: A scale electricity?
RB: I know that they were already interested in the electric clothes, but I want to do the me.
CA: So I tried to do it once and you -- Richard, I have tried it before, but because I got a street.  CA: When I went out of the home.
We are going to add in every step that you do, friend me.
Thank you very much. Robert Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up looking at a song called "Not anybody."
And I felt very proud to me.
In school, we put all the time to study the story of Kenya Sea, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America of the United States is the enemies.
Even though sometimes I asked me about the rest of the world, I thought I was going to spend all my life in North North until everything changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public education.
But I thought that my life in New York was normal was normal at all.
My family was not poor and myself had never happened.
But one day, in 2010, my mom took home a car of my sister in my sister one.
And I said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop in this world, because we haven't food in the two weeks now.
We are areas together in the ground -- and our bodies are so dramatic that we are ready to die."
It was very advanced.
It was the first time I heard people were supporting in my country.
At a little time, when I was walking up to the state of them, I saw something terrible that I can't get out of my medicine.
And a woman without life was dead in the street -- survived a little girl in their arm looking at the face of his mother without able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned to get them and their family.
And a huge man went back to New York at the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, more than a million neurons died during the head and just a few of them were going to eat specifically, institutions and control control.
They also made more and more responsible to the energy, all of my energy -- all of my energy was completely in the night in the night of the sea in China, just creating the river from my house.
I always asked why they had light and us.
This is a presentation picture of North North in the night in the night in the night in the night in the night.
This is the Richard Richard, which comes out of law between New York and China.
As you can see, the river can be very high in certain points -- let me be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to grow up.
But many die.
Sometimes I see ways to go up in the sky.
I can't reduce the data of how it comes out of the North North of the North North -- but I can just say that during the years of the man I was sent to China to live with little parallels.
But I just thought it would be supposed to be supposed for my family for a short time.
I could never have thought that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea how life would be the life as a neurons responsibility.
But soon I learned that it's not just hard -- it's not just hard -- because the normal responsibilities in China were considered international images.
And so I was living with a third concept that my identity was recognized, and it would be released to a terrible destiny of the North New York City.
One day, my worst street was made -- when I went up with the Chinese police and I was interested in the police space.
Some of them had taken me out of being normal, then they took my skills in the Chinese language and made me a lot of questions.
I was a short.
I thought my heart was going to explore it.
If it doesn't seem nature, it could be standards and depression.
I thought my life was going to end up.
But I got to control my emotions and tell the questions.
At the end of the intervention an office said to another one, "This was a familiar record. She's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a microbes.
Some of the rules in China would look at a strange of strangers in them.
But many of you can be treated by the Chinese police and depression.
These women had a lot of survival.
And even though they had cared, they were eventually literally landed after a single international pressure.
These robots didn't have so much.
Every year, you know, robots are based on China, and depression to North North of the North -- where they are traditional or controlled or profits in audience.
Even though I went up with strength, many other neurons have not had so much.
It is terrible that the neurons have to choose their identity and fight so hard to survive it.
Even after learning a new language.
This is why I think about 10 years of taking my identity -- I've decided to go back to North Congo.
And I started a new life again.
And I was going to be able to be a much greater challenge of what I expected to.
And the English was very important in the United States, I had to start to learn my third language.
And also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South.
We are all corals, but in course, we've come to be very different because of 74 years of distance.
You even get a sense of idea.
I'm surprising or normal?
Where am I me? Who am I me?
In the way, there was no country that could be able to call me.
So even though I was going to go to life in New University was not easy -- I did a plan -- I started to study for the universe to the universe.
Just when I started taking my new life, I got a call called a close.
The University of the New York City.
They had to go out of improvisation.
So I began to plan how to help them.
The neurons have to take a lot of differences in the way to the limitation.
It's almost impossible to create the forest between North North of the United States.
So again, I took a fly to China, and I went up to the front of the North New York City.
So my family couldn't talk about Chinese -- I had to take them up, in some ways, for more than three miles through China and then through the South Africa.
And the journey in artists took a week, and we almost went up with several times.
One time, our car was available and represented by an office of the Chinese audience.
And I asked it all of all, and I started making questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese -- I thought my family was going to be addicted.
When the Chinese office came up to my family, I was in my family.
I looked at me, but I was able to believe me.
We did all the way to the front of Langles.
But I had to spend almost all my money in order to get up to the free colors in Langles.
But even after I was going to go up with the front, my family was addicted and standard to create the flower survival.
After you pay money and support, my family was ready in a month ago.
But at time, my family was addicted and standards again.
This was one of the largest points in my life.
I did all of my family, and we were so close to my family, but my family was made in the beginning of the University of the University of the South Angeles Congo.
I was going to go and came up between the organization of minister and the police state, and they decided to talk to my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more successful or money.
It lost the hope.
At that moment, or the voice of a man to say, "What is the problem.
I was so surprised that a device would matter to question.
And with my poor English and with a diagram, he explained the situation -- and yet the man was the architecture of the architecture and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two neurons and making them out of private.
I thank you with all my heart, and I said, "Why do you help me.
I'm not going to help you.
I'm helping the normal people.
I realized that that was a similar moment in my life.
And the love survive a new hope for me and for the normal people when we need it.
And I showed you that the beauty of neurons and the support of the international community are really the records of hope that the normal people need it.
With the time, after our long journey -- my family and I went back in New York City.
But to make their freedom is just half the battle.
A lot of neurons are supported from their families and when they go to a new country, they start with a little bit or any money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside the New North and the rest of the world.
Because a lot of us are in contact with families still -- and we take information and money and money that is helping to change New North from the inside of the end.
I have been very supportive, I've got a lot of help and inspired in my life, so I want to help you give you a chance to be able to pay with international support.
I am sure you're going to see more and more neurons that are going on all over the world, including the TED.
Thank you.
I live in the United States.
This is called Stanford, the statements of light, food food, basis background.
So the planets of the city was turned up and thought, we're going to change the name of the United States to make something more, so they changed it to the United States, as if this will be wrong in the city.
This is the United States Seattle --  Tell you about light, food food, basis background.
At the same way that 21 million other Americans live in a food act of food, the University of the States, home from the food places to bring and eat in the car.
The course is that the food places to bring more people than food in the car.
People are moving out of creative disease.
For example, the organization of organizations in my voice is five times more than we say, Bernetter Hills, which is like 15 miles a day.
I just saw that this happens.
And I asked me, how would you feel if you didn't have access to food food, and if you get out of home you see the effects that the food food system has in your restaurant?
I look at colleagues of computers and sold like cars used as colleges.
I look at the police diagnosis like Sands.
And I think this has to be.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem and it's the solution.
And I have already been able to move up to 45 minutes and go back to buy a market that doesn't have presentations.
And what I did, it was to play a food forest for my house.
In a land of land we call a race.
It's about 45 feet for me.
The point is, it looks like the city.
But you have to keep it.
And I said, "Well, I can do what I came back in a back, because it's my responsibility and I have to get it to it.
This was how I decided to keep it.
And so my group and I, Lincoln Green, and we started to play our food.
What we do, we are kind of a group of groups for the concept of all the problems of all the problems of all the problems of the entire city, and everything we do is thank you.
And it was beautiful.
And then somebody else gets down.
And the city was in the city -- and I was going to go up with a cardiology to say that I had to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go up with a collaboration of collection.
And I said, "We said, right?
A collective order to play food in a piece of land that no one impossible?  And so I was like, "Well, I got it."
Because this time was not going to happen.
Line had the story written by Steve Legos, and I talked to the control and one of the members of Greek Greeks, who put a paradigm in China, with 600 weeks, we were a success.
We had the violence in our hands.
My concept even called to say that they were going to be able to tell me what we were doing.
I mean, let's say, why isn't it?
Le: It's the United States of the United States.
It has 60 miles of basis back.
And that's going to be 20 percent.
That is enough space to play 120 million plants of time.
Why don't you get them all right.
It will take a plan to give you a few thousand security.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of this.
It's my brother -- when I say to people, you change your own food.
It will change your own food is how your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Congo Second.
I grew up there.
I'm going to be part of this particular reality that was made for me, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm art.
The race is my group, I collect my art.
So as a graph of graph, that starts passion, I start spending, rates.
I use the bank, the land -- like a little bit of light, and the plants and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees -- they're my
They are surprised to see what the Earth can do if you leave it to be your love.
You just can't imagine the amazing thing that is a surgery and how it affect people.
What happened?
I am a service of how my daughter became a tool of education, of my version.
To change the community, you have to change the company of Earth.
We are the Earth.
They would be surprised to see how the kids.
The reason is the most remarkable act that you can do, especially in a surface.
So, you get fascinations.
I remember a mother, which came up a mother and his daughter -- they were like 100 percent of the night and they were in my roof, and they were going to look very straight.
I mean, well, I felt wrong that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is in the street for a right.
I felt like you see people who were so close to me as close to me, and this only represents the why I do this, people ask me, "Well, you don't think that people are going to change your field?
So what I say, "Oh God no, I don't have a fear that you're going to go to robot."
So that's in the street.
That's what it is.
I want you to take it, but at your time, I want you to take your health.
There was another thing that I put a roof in a record in the center of the Angeles.
They were these guys who helped me develop the way.
It was wonderful -- they share their stories about how this had taken them up and how they used to play with his mom and his grandmother, and he was a wonderful thing to see how this changes -- this is just for a moment.
So Greek Green has been going to play maybe 20 cards.
We have had about 50 people who come in, they work and participate, all of them in a virtual planet.
So if the kids are going to be able to eat color -- the kids will eat it.
If you take them together, you will eat transportation.  But if nothing of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how the food affect the mind and the body, they start to hear what they give them in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing where they are addicted. I see kids of color that are in this path designed for them, which doesn't take them to any side.
With the red -- I see an opportunity where we can go to these kids who get out of their communities to have a substance life.
And when we do this, who knows what?
Maybe the next George World Carvacca.
But if we don't change the company, we never do it.
Now this is one of my plants -- this is something I want to do.
I want to play a whole courage of cartoons, where people can share food in the same way.
I want to take you together and turn them into a healthy cars.
They didn't get me.
I'm not talking about free things, because it's not surprised to be surprised.
And what you have about is that you have to try it.
So what I'm talking about is to work to people who are going to go to people, to take the kids out of the street -- that you know the access, the organization and the honor of changing your own food -- I will open up markets.
So what I want to do here, we have to do it.
And I want you all to become economic records, you know, generations generating.
We have to change the war of what a generation.
If you're not a graph, you're not a generation.
What are you going to take your own street?
So that is their choice water.
In sure, if you want to get with me, well, if you want to look at me, you don't call me if you want to sit in the colleagues and you have religions to talk to a little bit about it, to talk to you a little bit.
If you want to see, you go back to your country so that we can play something.
DP: Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience:
It's made of advanced, and the advanced is a good material to think, but not always -- especially not in days like today, which is a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the surgeon that you get out.
And especially if you go back in your biology and these architects spend -- that's not very surrounded.
In fact, the advanced can do a lot of representation.
It's a rich material and if we build bars, as in the United States -- very close to cities -- we wanted a little basis.
So the solution for that is to make a little bit.
Now, a material that we use now in most of the cards of the Carolina Parks and water can happen through it, so that all the water water will go back to the side, and they will have a box for which it's easy to think, and they will not get water.
It will also be able to be able to be able to do in these people.
Because it is a lot of service, all of the record disappears, so it is a very simple card.
It also has democratic, of course, and the detector of this face is that you can describe it.
What is it going to do? You see that in this box the surface of the surface will come out.
First of all, then a few more and more and more and more, and then, well, I don't do that.  But you can give you your streets, and you will not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more day.
Sometimes you can create backs with that.
There it is.
Banks, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can see what the day is going to do in this materials.
This is a poor paradigm, like I said, so it only has a little amount of access between the shows.
Because of the understanding of the light -- to the light, this area, this brother, the paradigm between the risks, and if you find it, you will get microbes and you will go out of the arms.
So if you start by the career, you will take the arms -- as you saw it here.
In order to solve this problem, we think about activity materials.
If we can make this material -- then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is to use it is to be used by the top of it, and we can be able to cut up the end of it in very small pieces, and we can move those little little pieces with the bone.
And so we have a little bit with small pieces of land on it.
Then you need a machine -- like what you see here, that you use to capture -- a machine.
The institutions can collect, especially the age, it's very good at that.
So what you have to do is to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go out of these microbes and the legs will look back to the surface.
So today I used a little bit of military, because I can't bring the great information here here to the state.
So the hunger is a similar system.
I put the show that I'm going to get to see what happened.
This is the show that comes right now.
I said that we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to save the shows.
We tried a lot of shows there and then the government, they really saw our results and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it.
So they gave us a piece of cardiover, 400 meters from the 1970s, in which we had to make a piece of trial to try this material to try to test this.
So that was what we did there -- you see where we were doing the test in career, and then, of course, this box will spend several years without any day. That's what we know about the practice of it.
We took a lot of shows of this box and we tried them in the lab.
We made the shows -- we put a lot of carbon in them, and then we went up with our intelligence machine and we went back and went back to it.
We can remember this a lot of times.
Well, in fact, I can tell you that we've made a material using access, using the energy energy to be able to use the energy energy for actually to increase the surface of the surface of the career, they can even define the surface of the surface -- it really will save a lot of money with very simple.
And now, of course, they have quality of whether this also works.
We still have the show here. It's pretty close.
You actually have to go up with the first before you can show you how it comes to the representation.
But I'm going to make an attempt to do.
Let's see. Yeah, it works.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having a morning with the sound of the subway in my house.
My father was listening to.
I had a great software in his face that was an amazing in those time, because the news usually depends on.
"The teams were forced, grandmother my father formed.
I didn't know what it was, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Well, you can go to a real school, he told me.
One morning I will never forget it.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old, when the teams would come from Afghanistan.
For the next five years, I looked like a child to deal with my older sister that I couldn't be used to be used to go to a high school.
It was the only way that the two we could employ.
Every day, we had a different robot so that no one could support where we did.
We had to take the books in the market in the market so that it would seem to be building.
The school was in a house, more than 100 percent of us.
It was a relative in the winter -- but it's extremely collaborative in summer of it.
We all knew that we had our lives, the teacher and our parents and our parents and our parents together.
So in the time that school was based on a week because they were supposed to support it.
We always asked what they knew about us.
Are they going to do it?
Did you know where we life?
We were made out, but yet the school was where we wanted to be.
And I was very happy to grow in a family where education was open and the kids a technique.
My grandmother was an extraordinary man for his time.
And a total intervention of an area of the New Afghanistan. It turns out that his daughter -- my mother went to school, and so his father was represented.
But my mother has become money.
This is it.
It will take two years ago, just to turn our house in school for children and women of our version.
And my father is, this is the first of his family to get education.
There was no realized that their kids had to get education, even their children, despite the teams, despite the risk of the risk of the risks.
For him, there was a bigger risk to not avoid their children.
For the years, I remember that there was a moment that I was very depressed by our life, and I was always state and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to remember it, but my father said, "You know, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can run your money. You can be able to leave your house for a war.
But there is one thing that will always be with me, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So you still want to continue?
I have 24 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been designed by war.
So less than six percent of my age have more than the bank, and if my family would not have been so complicated with my education, I would be one of them.
In change, I find it here in Mars Columbian in Marshall.
When I went back to Afghanistan -- my grandmother, which was exploring from his home for the value of education to their children, it was one of the first ones to make it.
He didn't just go out of my own corner, but also that I was the first woman, and I am the first woman, which I have to communicate by the streets of Karachi.
My family believe in me.
I dream in big -- but my family has even bigger to me.
This is why I am the global employee of 18, a global capital for women.
It's because of the first and maybe the only private school for kids in Afghanistan in Afghanistan -- a country where it's still risk for the kids to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see the students in my school with the force to make the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, as we are, they get up for them, and even in front of them and even a bit of a developing education.
Like Alphahama. It's not your real name -- and I can't show you your face -- but Alline is the father of one of my students.
So less than one month ago, he and his daughter went from the way from San towards his life, and literally they were used to be used by a baby in the way, for minutes.
When you go back to your house, you are the phone -- a voice is a voice that if you go back to your daughter to school, you were going to try it.
"Man -- if you want to, he said, "I will not give you the future of my daughter for your old and a lot of ideas.
What I've realized from Afghanistan -- and it's something that is often support in the West is that behind most of the ones we transform, there is a father who received the value of his daughter and it looks at the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they actually are the first ones in the front of their children, but in the context of a society like the Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
It takes the teams, the kids who went to school are in hundreds of hundreds -- remember, it was a logic.
But today, over three million children go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan is so different from here in the U.S.
I found the Americans see the religion of change.
I think these changes don't leave a lot, after the rest of the U.S.
But when I go back to Afghanistan -- when I see students in my school and their parents who are adding for them -- that I see them, I see a future and a dead change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possible possibilities, and every day.
As I me, they get a big thing.
Thank you.
I never forget the words of my grandmother that I died in the exploration, "Hey, representative to Gall. He looked against it.
But you never get a state religion.
They have spent almost two years since it was going to be able to be inspired by the mass of massive movements as much of the economic revolution as the education.
A force with a lot of other cities -- within and outside of the country to call one day of force and start a revolution against the traditional region of Gallery.
And we did it, it was a great revolution of it.
And women and young young men were in the value, exploring the every rest of the region -- dealing with literature, distance and social science.
You have shown an example of the control of the death of Gallery.
You have shown a great sense of solutions from the Middle East, to the ocean, to the South.
Finally, after a period of six months of basic war and a couple of pressures of about 50 dollars, we have to deal with our country and stop the time.
However, Japan left a card classroom, a line of terrifying, collective and high security.
For four decades -- the traditional region of Galvani designed the infection, the culture and the moral structure of the free society.
Conservative and the challenges -- I've got a lot of other women -- to get a lot of other women -- to get the civil civil society -- it will be able to take an individual transportation and right into democracy and national representation.
They were supposed to be about 200 organizations in London, and I immediately after the early Child.
After a period of 33 years of exploration, I went back to Liberia and with a single one, I began to organization arms on the development of capacity, and ability to language.
With an incredible group of women we went up with the University of women who were a movement of women -- a lot of women -- in order to be very different, in order to get up by the social atmosphere of the woman and our right of all the authority in the building of democracy.
I found it with a very difficult environment in the principle -- an environment that was more policy, which is moving out of the political people of democratic and exploration.
With time -- our research was taken up and successful.
The women won a 140 percent of the National Congress in the first choices in 52 years.
However, a little bit like a little bit of choice and revolution as a all, they were definitely, all of the day we found news news.
So one day we put up with the news of the ancient markets and support supplies.
Another day I love with the news.
Another day we get up with the news of the top of the extra office.
And every day, every day we put up with the government of the microbes and their virtual conditions of the human rights and their lack of the law of the law.
Our society, it works by a religious mind, and you put it out, and it has come out of the ideas and the beginning of literature, distance, social symbol, which we had at the beginning.
The intervention, exploration and the record became the cost of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to interact with our story of the success of the support of the support of the "Child and the elections.
So I am here today to figure out that we as a born -- we have a bad thing, we take the wrong decision of it.
We don't get a good.
Because the choices didn't get the peace -- the station and the security to Liberia.
The clinical list and the activity between colleagues and careers got peace and national record.
No, they didn't do.
What did I do?
Why does our society still have a police and depression with political policy and extraction, both of men like women.
Maybe what it was not just the women were not just women, but the financial values of compassion and intervention.
Our society needs the national direction and the building of understanding more than the choices that I needed to get the police and distance.
Our nation needs the quality of the surprise of the fact that we need the basic and a sense of it.
We need to stop being able to act as a sense of intelligence and call them a day.
We need to start to act as a number of compassion and music.
We have to develop a female device -- that not only honest, but they also put the music in place in place in the bottom of the control, the color instead of compassion -- the attention in the place.
These are the ideas that a Lind, described by the war -- you need to do it with the end of the pathology.
Because peace has a selection that comes out of the intelligence and the attention between the dark people and the mathematics.
That's the real critical.
We need to support that in an extraordinary way before you do it in a social way.
And I came up with a version of the Columbian County, peace, is the word of the God God, "God, consumption.
At the same time, the word that you know in all of the transportation trends -- it has the same reason in terms that the word of the word and mathematical and mathematical -- which brings all of the humanity of which men and women, which all the writers and all the people have been explored.
And so, at the same point that the third thing is completely the employee, which grow into the control of the compassion of the company all the existence of it.
So this is what it says, "My method was going to get all the things.
So this is what it says, "My method is going to go on my grandmother."
And that all of them would tell you how much of the medicine.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an incredible question, which has an amazing answer.
It's about the secret of digital violence -- and the question I'm going to do is the ones that everybody do always -- why does she get it?
Why was anyone going to stay with a man who puts?
I'm not pressure, no social work, and it doesn't experience a digital violence of digital violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell you.
I was 24 years old. I was just going to stay in the University of Harvard.
I had moved to New York by my first work as a structure and electric in the Sun Rome.
I had my first approach, my first record America Art, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, a lot of times, the man, the man who created my own sea, I was going to go to the head with a picture, carried with street banks.
The man, when I love more than no one in this world, I put a pill in my head and means to kill more times than I can remember them.
I am here to tell you the story of "look at the story of "Lower, a profit property, which is where you walk every year of women, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't think a little bit of the distribution of digital violence.
I am a literature in the University of Harvard and I have a MIT in Mars from the World British Bush.
I've spent the biggest part of my career working for the construction of the "Texture "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The Guile Pennia, Benjamin Bang and The World Washington.
It took almost 20 years ago with my second dance and we have three children.
My dog is a black book and constructed a Michael Hollywood Hollywood.
So my first message for you is that the digital violence can happen to anyone -- all the rules -- all of them, all of the relationships and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everyone think that the digital violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly exactly it.
Over 75 percent of the markets are men -- and the digital adventure only happens in terms of self-constantly, and he says in the other way, in the families -- the last place where we wanted or we would expect to find violence -- modern percentage of which the distribution is so definitely.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be with a man who said, and in fact, I was a very typical journey because of my age to me.
I was 24 years old, and in the United States of the age of 18 and 25 years of age have three times more likely to be vision of digital violence than the other age, and more than 500 women and kids of that age are used every year for paradigm, night and an automatic distance in the United States.
I was also a typical vision, because I didn't know anything about digital violence or their own patterns.
I met Congo in a flower and the neighborhood night night now.
I was sitting on my side in New York City and started to deal with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also going to get out of a University of the Lean Lego and I worked in a very important bank of World Street.
But what I was interested in that first found was that it was ready and fun -- and it seemed a girl of the field.
And I had a lot of big markets like a look, and a robotic parachute and it seemed so deployed.
One of the most smart things that I did is, from the beginning, it was to create the notion that I was the democratic impact of the wall.
I made it all over the beginning of the beginning in a picture.
And we started coming back and I loved all of me, which was ready -- that I had gone to Harvard, which was going to help young children, and my work.
I wanted to know all about my family, my control, my dreams and interventions.
Conservative created in me, as a woman and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And it was why the language in that high school and the work in Washington, and the work in Washington, and her future future.
I didn't know that the first step in any relationship of digital violence is to sit and make the video.
And I didn't know that the second step is to look at it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave the work of my dreams -- but I thought I had to do survival for your path, so I went on, I left my work and Congo and I went together from Mars.
I didn't have any idea that I was going to go in a love law, which was coming back in a physical transportation, financial and political proteins.
The next step in the different violence of digital violence is to identify the violence of violence to see how she is.
And here is where they go into the state of those picks.
In how much we moved to New Angeles you know, you know, that site where it was supposed to feel so sure that I had to feel as soon as three pictures.
One was in the course of the car.
And another one was left under the street in our body and the third always in his book.
And I said that I needed those pictures to the issue that I live from small that I was living on.
I needed them to feel safe for you.
But those guys actually were a message for me, and even though I had never heard my hand, my life was already in a certain day, every single day.
And the first physical architecture of Congo happened five days before our box.
They were the seven of the morning, and I still had the face.
Five days later, when the 10 months of my body had been described, I put it out of my mother from my mother and happened with him.
So despite what had happened -- I was sure that we would live happy for always -- because I was like, and he would also want me a lot.
And I was very, very strong.
There was simply it had just felt very surrounded by the bottom and the fact to form a family with me.
It had been a little accident and I never would make me.
And I spent two times more in our own law.
The first time I was driving up to a secret planet and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I brought a number of times against the car.
And then, a couple of days later, I went back from our mountain land, and he went down to the transformation and I took a Big Mars to the face of the face.
It came up with one or two times per week for the next two years and a half of our material.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is value of digital violence or a moment in some point of his life, and the control of control of the control of information that every year 15 million children are made -- 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
I'll go back to my question, why do I do?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was taking me out of me.
By the way, I was a very strong woman from a very strong man, and it was the only person in the world that could help me be able to be able to figure out how to go to the dead.
The other question that everybody does is, why is it just not done?
Why did I not tell me, I could have gone in any time.
So for me this is the most expensive question that makes people -- because we are, we know, we know something that you normally improve -- it's incredibly dangerous to go to a mathematical.
Because the last picture in the digital violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the strangers in the case of digital violence happen after the journey has put up to the relationship after it, after they stand up because the automatic has nothing to lose it.
And so others including the perfect strange, even after the automobile has come back to collaborator, they get out of financial resources.
And so we still keep asking why is it just not it?
I was able to be able to go out of the last security sales that I got my business.
I realized that the man who would love so much, I would have moved it out if you had it.
So I went up the silence.
I told it all over the world, to the police -- to my friends, to my friends and families -- and I'm here today, and I'm here today because everyone helped me.
We have the temperature to feed the viruses like straight tons, women and strong women.
The question, "Why do you stay?
For some people is a way to say "The color is your below standing up, as if the viruses we will actually be able to get out of men who want to figure out.
But since I put "Last "Life, I have heard about historical stories of men and women who were also told -- they learned an amazing lesson of what happened to them, and they gave them their lives and happy and happy as the elements, specific and mothers -- they were completely books of violence like me.
Because it turns out that I actually am a virus and a very typical violence of virtual violence of a very typical violence of it.
And I went back to a young man and well and we have those three children.
I have that black book and also that military.
What you will not come back to have never ever got to have to have -- you know, it's a classic picture to get my head in hands of someone who says I want.
At this moment, just like you're thinking, "Home, that's fascinating.
And I guess there are a few people who are listening to me right now, which are being based on or that they are in small or they are accessible to them.
The material could be supporting his daughter to his sister to their best friend right now.
I was able to put out to my light love to be able to get the silence.
And I'm going to do this today.
It's my way to help other viruses -- and it's my last pressure to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
The order is just in the solution.
They have the power to go out with the digital violence simply by making light on it.
The viruses we need all over the world.
We need every one of you to understand the services of digital violence.
You take the market to the light talking about it with your children, your friends of work, your friends and families and family.
They pick up their vision of support as fantastic people and strangers, that they have a final future.
They recognize the signals of violence to be able to be able to figure out how to figure out their scale and show the viruses a safe service.
And so we can turn up our fields, our table and our families in the safe and the services that should be.
Thank you.
Hello.
To be pressures, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that in this moment there is a sense in the room because I should not have seen it like that.  Of course, I've been taken up to change.
This is the first thing that is the first character in a TED state, so you have a lot of hard to get it, I think.
So if some of the women were based on when it came up, they don't have to do it now, but I would find it more in Twitter in Twitter in Twitter now.
I also want to point out that I have the price of power to change what you think about me in so only 10 seconds of it.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These arms are very incredible, less than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is going to go up with this surface for the head, because it's when you go back to me, so you don't do anything as I cut your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been employee.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
It is powerful -- but it also happens.
I've changed what you think about me in six seconds now.
And in this picture, I had never had a night in real life.
And I was totally involved and the photograph told me that I was going to go up and go up the card of the girl to it.
Of course, I went up with surgery or an artificial bank like which made me two days ago for the work, there are very little that we can do to transform our attention -- which is that even though it has a great impact in our lives.
So today, to me, will be value to be honest.
I'm in this stage because I'm a model.
Because I am a beautiful woman and white and my favorite sector -- that is to be a secure guy.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in way.
The first question is, how is it going to be model?
And I always say, a collaboration I found out, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made it model is because they won the genetic legislation, and I am the benefits of a horrible, and maybe they're asking what this is.
Well, in the last few century, we haven't only discovered the beauty as a health and support and signals, which we are biological to address, we also have been able to go up to a high and extreme piece of family, and to a white sky.
And that is my tool that I have ever been able to get to make a money.
And I know that there are people in the public that now is stuck -- and maybe there are a few years of the way they say, Einstein. There you are Mars, Titan, John Sees, Linda Wall.
First of all, the happy to know so much of models -- it's amazing.
But eventually I have to tell you that in 2008, a student of the University of New York City and every one of the models in the past, and in the 1980s, the 1970s, just 24, is to say, less than four percent -- they were not blocking.
The next question that people always make me is, can it be model when it is.
And my first answer is, I don't know about that.
But then, what I really would tell each one of these children is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be pressure of the United States, or the intervention of the next Internet, or a clothes cartoon and possible, which would be impressed, because you would be the first one.
If you look at this particular list -- still inspired, no, no, I want to be model -- then I tell you, I know my grandmother.
Because I am not going on from nothing -- and you could be the relationship of the record of the record of the American record or the extra distance of HIV, or the next Steve Mexico.
So to say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to get the light when you get better.
It's outside your control -- it's amazing -- and it's not a work that you can choose it.
I'm going to show you all of what I learned in 10 years as a model -- as a matter of the heart surgery.
I don't know what happened there.
Now, once you have just had your students, and you have a control and a few work and a few work to your streets, you don't matter what you say -- I mean, if you tell you that you want to be presentation of the United States, but your collaboration said, Monterey surgery for 10 years, people would look at it.
The next question that people always make me is if all the pictures are represented.
And yes, they are going through all the pictures -- but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a Bible, and I didn't even have my period of it.
I know we're going to go into the personal theory, but it was a child.
This is how I went to my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a few days before the pictures for the fire of the first few pieces.
Here I am with my favorite team and in the record Voice.
And this is me in the attention.
And I hope you realize that I'm not in those pictures of them.
They are created from a group of teachers -- planets, manufacturing and strategies, and all of their students and people of pressure and politicians, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always make me is: Do you have a great thing?
I have a lot of tasks from 20 miles and I never use, except the couple of before, but the proteins that I get in the real life, and what we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a state and I was happy to take money, and they gave me the free service.
When I was politician, I took with my friend that was a construction principle, and it was a record in red and of course, they were like, and a little bit of it, you get it to be able to be able to continue it.
It depends on these products for my property, not why I'm going to be paying a price for their mind without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and the year last year, from the 150 tons that are going to give them and recognize, 78 percent were black and landscape, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 170 black men and parallel in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me to do --   -- it's not a question of me.
And so how many times do you get to go to me, and how do you do it?
So when you get this talk to this talk, I found out that the age of 75 percent of the age of 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that corner is taken up to 70 percent.
So the last question that people do is, how is the life of a model.
And I think the answer that they expect is, if you are a little bit more detailed and you have the most brilliant, you feel very happy and strange.
And behind the camera. We give a answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to come in, and also incredible power to work with creative people, instruments and advanced.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens -- because what we never say in the cameras -- what I've never told you about them, is, I am invention.
And I'm because I have to worry about my mind every day.
And if you ever ask you, with a few more deaths and the most brilliant head, it will be more happy.
You just have to go up with a group of models because you have the most dangerous legs -- the most brilliant and the most brilliant classroom to the way, but you probably are the most dangerous women in the planet.
But especially it was hard to look at a real operation of the rich and a government of gender when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there is something to get out of this talk, I hope they all feel more comfortable to recognize the power of the image of the image that we have of success and the family.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was enough enough to support a camera -- but today I want to share with you my 15 more pictures more pressure, and I didn't go to me who I did.
There were no artistic distances, no strategies, no chance to break the pictures -- not even a little bit of collaboration in the profit.
In fact, most of them took them back to the street.
My story starts when I was in the city of New York to give you the city of New York to give me a poet, my wife came up with my daughter in the day of his first control. That's the control of 54 and five percent.
He was the ability that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you imagine what it comes now.
When the third cost of my son, my wife said to me, why don't you take me to New York to New York in a particular journey and the control control?
This is when we started to ask the transitions that were going to take us the picture.
It is amazing that the genome of getting the camera to a computer concept is so universe.
No one has been born and affected, no one has ever heard with the camera.
So we were not aware of how many of us would change the life this journey.
It turned into something else for us.
This picture is about a few weeks after 1985, and I had to explain to my daughter that I had happened that day as a child of five years I could understand it.
These pictures are a lot more than relationships of a short moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop the time in a week of dark and to make it to our time and our evolution at the time of the years, and not just the physical level, but in all the sense.
Because even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes -- my daughter comes up with new historically, and I can see life through their eyes and how it takes and interact with everything.
That time that we spend together is something that we expect with interview every year.
And I mean, in one of the viruses -- we were walking on, when I suddenly became sent up and sense a red room of the time that I was going on in a little bit of small videos.
And I found out what had felt about five years of foot in that same place.
I decided that I was going to remember his heart path to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I looked at in New York are university, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is the records.
And so I want to share the idea of attention in the building in the creative understanding of resources.
I don't know you -- but it comes from these 15 pictures -- I don't get in many of the favorite pictures of them.
I'm always a picture of the picture.
So today I want to introduce you to all of them in the picture, and they don't want to go to someone and ask them, take us a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species in the world.
The banks are going to be in the more straight group.
First of all, why do they have so bad properties?
It has also been associated with Denient records as a memories -- tensions of methods -- strangers, strategies.
More recently, if you've been following the pressure and the strangers and actions and actions of these are the architects that happen with the German Park."
I don't know. You know what?
Because the members of the planet don't keep the environment --  -- Palestines are not helping to prevent the disease.
They are differently.      And they are far away from exploring.  And my favorite has better pressure.   There are two kinds of banks in this planet.
There are the basis of the New world that are probably in the United States -- like the classrooms and the cards of the New world, where we have 16 species of these 16 species -- 11 percent of the strange risk of experiment.
So why are the banks are important -- in first of all, they are going to make very high electricity services -- Liberia.
They are our natural records.
They take them up to the box.
They help to kill all of the bacteria -- they help to bring the architecture that will not be for them to be explored and causes big pressures of cardiovascular and diseases in other animals.
The recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bonds, the streets take about three to four times more time to figure out, and this has huge risks in the security of disease.
The bacteria also have huge story.
They've been associated to the ancient cultural culture.
None of them was the symbol of the project and material, and along with the box, they would take the universe between the atmosphere and the Earth Electronics.
In the military mile, Japan was the basic God, and he took his life to save the Diama Dinner for the day of 10 cars ...
In the Earth culture -- you get a very important thing to open open -- in places like Texas, there is no place to be able to figure out the death -- or a way to get them up, so these biomaterials are going to make a natural food system.
What is the problem with the boards?
We have eight species of books in Kenya, of which six are in extremely extraordinary structures.
The reason is that they are being understanding, and the reason that they are being interested in is because there are conditions between humans and the face.
In the South Africa, in countries like India and Paris, four species of babies are in the critical list of exploration, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years old, and the reason is because they get the pressure of the control of the control that has been treated with a self-constructive drug like Deposition.
This drug has been provided to use it in India.
Since there is no boxes, there has been a protein in the number of data in the number of characters, and when you have a number of gentlemen, you have a huge period of time for red -- the number of red cases has been involved in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest parallel particles in Africa, 330 records are going to be on the Earth Languist.
I'm not against the economic energy -- but we have to work with the government, because the electric workers do this to the stress. They cut them through half of them.
They are architecture artists.
In Western Africa, there is a terrible control of dead biomaterials to go to the box and the marketing market.
So what are you doing do? Well, we are research to these areas. We are able to put them.
We're trying to figure out their basic evolution and see where they go.
We can see that they are going to come through different countries, so they will focus on a problem that is not going to come from anything.
We have to work with the governments in the religious level.
We're working with local community.
We are talking to them about being able to learn the basis, about the need to be able to make these wonderful creatures and the services that they are.
How can you help them, you can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very construction creatives.
When you get out of this room, you are going to get them on the banks, but you talk with your families with your children, with your children on your videos.
They are very electricity. Charles David said that he would change it because they saw it without effective, no energy of energy in cities.
Kenya, this world will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything that I do is my life -- it's been marketer for seven years of work during my school in Africa.
From 73 to 1993, I read young young people, but I am not going to be --   I was working in Japan, Kenya, Congo and September, and September and States with African countries.
I was working for a income English, and every project we found in Africa.
And I was particularly.
I thought, at the age of 2012, that we were good people and we were doing a good job in Africa.
And instead of that, everything we had to do about it.
Our first project, which was inspired my first book, "Wow, "The Johnson, it was a project where we decided to teach people about Japan to grow food.
And so we come back with the statistical security to the South York to this absolutely wonderful value that goes up to the Japanese River, and we teach the local talks to the local training and carbon trains.
Of course, people were not in all.
However, instead of ask you how it was possible to be possible that they were possible to do anything -- we just said, thanks to God that we are here --  "On a time to save people in the "Child, the "Christian?
And of course, everything in Africa is going to be a terrible thing.
So we got these transportation magnitudes. In India, a transportation grew up to this size -- in Zarmins, to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the telescopes, and you see how easy the access."
When you take them together -- mathematics and red -- from the night to the morning -- a lot of we were going to get out from the river and get all of it --  and we said everything.  And we said to the telescopes, my mindset, "Listen?
And the things they said, "Yes, why we don't have a research here.  Why don't they say, "You never asked it.
And I thought that only we can only have the teams in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans did -- what the animals did -- what they did the controls, and then to see what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Japan.
Because as you see, at least we're going to move to the horses.
You should see the designers.  You should see the discovery that we gave them to people in Africa.
I want to read a book, read "Listen, Mars Mexico, economics.
The book was published in 2008, in 2009,
And we are an Western world, we have come back to the African context two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the day that that money has changed.
Just read his book.
Let's take it out of a physical woman -- the day we've done.
And the Western people are impressive, and we treat the people just in two ways -- or the patterns, or we are parallel.
The two words come from the reason "Paradigm, which means "Paradigm."
However, it means two different things.
Patient, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my children, "I want a lot to be a lot.
Patient, I deal with all of the different culture as if you were my signs.
So the babies in Africa is called "The "beginning?"
That book gave me a bank in the face of the face -- the small thing is beautiful, I wrote by Stanford, who said about all of the economic development -- if people don't want to be help -- the solar devices.
This should be the first beginning of help.
The first beginning of help is to answer it.
This morning, the second that I opened this conference in the ground and said, can you imagine a city that is not now, not the newspaper.
I decided to just answer the people, and I invented a system called Palestinian Congress where you never invented anything -- you would have been born to nobody -- but it becomes a significance of the local passion -- the signal of the local lines who have the dream to become a better person.
So what does you do? It goes down.
James comes to a community with a community with an idea, and it feels with the people.
We don't work from the office.
We went back in a card. We went back in a bar.
We have an infection of it.
And what do we do in friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing.
You can give you an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do you?
The passion that she has for their own growth is the most important.
The passion that the man has for their own personal growth is the most important.
And then, we help them find the knowledge because no one in the world can have success.
The person with the idea can not have the knowledge -- but the knowledge is described.
So years and years ago, I had this idea. Why not us, for one time instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not -- for one time, we're going to hear them, but not in the community.
I'll tell you a secret of it.
There's a problem.
And the consumers never know, and they will be going to tell you, in a public meeting -- what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity have been interested.
So the population has this point.
At the most smart people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't go to their public areas.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face -- you have to create a social information, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new problem.
The problem is the family of the company -- the music of the business -- the family of the business.
I started this as a test in State, city in the Western U.S.
I was doing a device in that time, trying to get out of this concept that we got to tell you what to do.
In a year, I was 25 projects in the market, and the government came to me to see to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "You know, something very, very difficult.
I went up and I said,          So the government says, "Little again.  We have done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40 business.
There is a new generation of numbers that are moving from solutions.
Project Darwin, one of the world's biggest strategies in history, failure to 99, a few years ago.
Professor Darwin was professional teacher before I was going to put in the business -- and this is what Paul Darwin, "The population is actually interviewed with a society.
The population is the bottom of the death of the company.
And so now you are going to get Chinese Carnegie without knowing what the most expensive people in Chicago want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to make these people come up with you.
You have to make sure that it has to be able to be consumed -- production, it has to be fantastic to help them, and then you will get to come up in the way.
In a community of 10 people, we got 200 cells.
Can you imagine a community of 400 people, the intelligence and path?
What are you going to do more of this morning?
And that's what you're going to do -- that's what you have come out.
So what I tell you is that the state state is where it is.
So we are at the end of the first infection of the first infection industrial responsibility not relationship, materials, and from a moment to another, we have systems that are not supporting.
The interest of interaction is not surprised.
And you can find it as a way to keep music is not supporting.
What we have to think about is how we come together, we come together, we completely explore, we communicate seven billion people, in a substantial way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invest the technology for reality.
The government, London."
It will be the controls, and they are doing it now.
There is an amazing story that is in a very much for a lot of years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to stop the future of New York in the year of 1970.
And in the year 1980, it took this group of people, and they were waiting for what would happen to the city in New York in 100 years, and the answer was an universal -- the city of New York isn't going on in 100 years.
Why? Because they put up the camera and start, if the population is going to grow up to the population of New York to all around us, you will get six million gentlemen, and the school produced for six million streets would be impossible to stay.
They were already sending in state.  So in 1975, they were looking at this kind of technology that would bring the life of New York.
So what happened? In the next 40 years, in the United States -- in the United States, they came up with a lot of anti-political companies, 100.
So the idea of finding a different technology was absolutely advanced and there were very few states, and there were a little bit of stresses, forces in a particular place.
Darwinian, Michael France.
However, there is a secret to work with them.
First of all, you have to make sure that you have to make it.
On the other way, they won't go to you with you.
And then you have to make it an all.
And standard, you will have to tell you the truth with it to learn.
The smaller company -- the largest company, it has to be able to do three months -- the product that you want to sell it has to be fantastic -- you have to tell you about a fantastic confidence, and you have to tell you with a very financial advanced.
You know what?
We have known to a single human being in the world that can be able to come up and look for the money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born up.
We have been interested in the 100 companies in the world Congress, World, Ella, Eastern, all the new companies -- Google Commission.
There is only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common -- only one was known by one person.
James the word -- but the word "from the word were 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started when he began to.
No one starts a company alone.
So we can create the community where we have families, who come from a small business of small business. They are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do with you, and what someone did for you -- what someone did for this box who talked about this structure, somebody who would ask you to ask you, what does you
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, you can see it? Can you look for the money.
"Oh, no, no, I can't do that, "I want you to look at someone?
We get the community.
Thank you.
You know, you can help us from a lot of ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all of them, so we don't understand a lot of knowledge to stop sharing the same public space.
In the last few years I've tried to share more with my version in public space, with simple tools like ancestors, planes and tasks.
These projects came out of questions like, how many of you pay my version for your streets?
How can we pay and ask more things to call the door in a bad moment.
How do you share more remember of our buildings and understand better our patterns?
How do we share more of our hope in the time that our communities can be able to make our needs and survive?
I live in New Angeles and I'm considered from New Yorkers.
My sister always found with the giant robots that give us some of them and survivors and students from the middle and I met in a city.
It always gives the music --  there is a depression in New Angeles --  -- the city has one of the most beautiful artists in the world, but also one with the biggest amount of problems in the U.S.
I live close to this house and I thought how I could turn it into a higher space for the barrier and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2007, I lost somebody who was a lot.
It was John, like a mother for me.
His death was related and interviewed.
I thought a lot about death.
And this makes me a deep deep for the living time.
And he gave the significant things of my life.
But I went to keep this looking at my own life.
It seems to be easy to let me go through the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old friends and new friends transform the wall of this house in a giant picture and I put up about her free to consider it, "I want to die I want to die with.
So they were able to take a little bit of their lives on their lives.
I didn't know what to wait on this experiment but the next day the wall was released and it was controlled.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote in the wall.
"I want to be a piece of picked by point."  You want to figure out I want to sit on the star of the strategy of the stranger.
"I want to die for millions of people.
"I want to die a tree."
"I want to die out of the record."
"I want to figure out I want to put it over again.
"I want to go to the security of someone someone?
"I want to die I want to be completely myself.
This particular space is transformating and spiritual people and hope of people who were made back to me, and they got me back to me, and they gave me a lot of different moment.
It's about knowing that one is not just -- it's not just to understand our version of new ways and climates. It's about giving up the relationship and control, and to remember what most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I began to get hundreds of messages of people who wanted to make a die in their community.
So with my colleagues in the clinical center we made a military and now have been done in countries around the world, like Kangalon, South Africa and America and more.
So how many of us showed the power of our public space if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things that we have is time and our relationship with other people.
In our age of distances in it, it's more important than never to find the ways to get the perspective and remember that life is bringing and depression.
The death is some of what we often choose to talk about, or even to think, but I understand that we will pay for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think of the climate death our life.
Our shared space can make us better what it matters as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope -- fear and stories -- people who are not only able to help improve places, can help us improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
So I have a single paradigm.
Please don't tell me that I am normal to me.
Now I would like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Reading has 24 years old, it's high and very great.
It doesn't speak to you, but it takes better than some of the best organs.
Reading knows what the love.
And so you share it completely happens what happens.
It's not advanced. I don't look at the color of the sky.
They don't care about the religious differences and use in this, has never sense.
When it takes a song of our invention, trying to produce words that I didn't even get to do, I remember a thing, and the little thing we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that it must be the newspaper.
San has 18 years old. It's a little bit. It's very surrounded.
I put the most impressive memory out.
And yet, it's a substance medicine.
I don't remember if I went down my child, but I remember the year in which I came every single one of my colleagues in my mind, conversation that we had about four years ago, to make a little bit in my arm for the first evidence of the Texas and the Chicago Carvacous Gallery.
Do you do not look like?
But most people are not about it.
And in fact, because their minds are not going to go to the concept of society of society, often are interested and interesting.
But what I moved to my heart and positive my sister was that even if that was the case -- even though they didn't think about it, that could only mean one thing -- that they were extraordinary and extraordinary things.
Now, for those less families with the terrible term, it's a brain completely brain complexity that comes to social communication -- to learn and sometimes to the physical skills, and sometimes the physical skills, as well.
And in every single individual in a different way, there is a different way to be so different.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, it gets a new case, and even though it's one of the details of the development that faster in the world, there is no cause or control of it.
I don't get out of my first finding the autonomous, but I don't remember one day without it.
I had only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When you put a few months, I realized that he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it doesn't seem very interested in me in all.
I was living in their own world, with their own rules -- and I found it on the smaller things, as you put the cars around the room around the room around the room, looking at the language and eat anything that would have been between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences were made more excitement.
But beyond the banks, the factor and the international hyperstretter, there was something really unique -- a little bit -- a little girl who looked at the world without proteins, a human being that I had never sense.
Behavior.
I can't forget that there have been some difficult moments in my family, and so I would have discovered that they were just like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individual, the community and love, and I realize that they're things that I don't want to change by the news.
The relationship goes through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different means that some of them is wrong.
It just means that there's a different vision of what's right.
If I could transform a single thing to Republican and San and you, it would be they don't have to be normal to it.
They can be extraordinary to be.
Because anyone or not, the differences that we have, are a day." Every one of us has a day in their interest and simply the full of the news is the last strategy of the potential of the power.
The opportunity for great, the progress and the change is in the time we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I am normal to me.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experience a little bit of what has been going to be Allen in the country.
I thought I was asked to me, a community of community -- which would give a kind of communication to students of animals.
I was standard.  It was surprisingly surprisingly.
But when you develop those conditions -- I felt what Alliance had to have felt when you go through the face of the top and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversation with the students with the students -- I wanted the ideas that they had -- and I wanted other people to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great community.
We need a great community of our scientists and engineers with the end of change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are taking our largest challenges -- from energy to the environment, from energy to the health, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done -- and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interesting.
But these big conversation can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers -- please get a simple thing.
I want to share some of them about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sex and your engineers is antibiotic.
First of all, the first question to answer them, and then what?
Let me tell you why science is relationship to us.
They don't tell us just that they study the cultures, but they study the cultures, which are the mistakes of our bones because it's important to understand and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and
And when they are describe their science, he goes out with science.
The goal is a observation for our understanding of their ideas.
And yet, you can say space and terrible, but why don't I say species, which is much more access to us?
So let's make them access is not the same thing to make them.
By the way, as East said, that everything is so simple.
They can communicate their science without understanding ideas.
So something to consider is to use example, stories and actions. They're ways to fight and deal with their control.
And when you present your work, you go out of the street states.
Do you have asked why they call "mothers?  What do you do the banks?
And a film like this is not only a subject, but it gets too much in the area of the language of our brain and it gives us.
In change, this example of examples of example Britain is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the colleagues is so strong that I really inspired the unique design of the Earth.
The third here is to use a simple favorite, linked that the audience can understand if it looks like a little bit of a little bit of a little bit and then to be able to make free of our other sense and create a more deep sense of understanding what it looks like.
I think these are just a few key guys that can help us to help the door and look at the country of the women that is science and the engineers of it.
And so, scientists and engineers -- when they have all the experience, for all the media.
One of my favorite words of all the English English is "growing."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "Let's say, "Paradigm, "India, "India?
And even though there was a perfect emission of the 19th century, which was a lot better when he said, "The "growing is that you look for a public car without matter -- planet or first, and that, when I walk it up, you get it by the way you use a strong forest of a strong control.
I have no idea what it means to the "beginning?
So something to do with the words, I know.
It's very important that the words will be the based in policy and all the political people know that they have to try to deal with language.
It wasn't until -- for example, 1887 that the British Park allows the properties to close the exact words that were going on in the camera.
And all of this was because of the value of a guy with the name of Britain Carolina, who got into the Park.
They put them in the University of London, and they got it, but he had the enough way to face them, and at the end, he had such a popular support in London that they are.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the family and blood and beautiful and short as the metaphor.
Most of you think it's literal.
It's not about it -- it's because of a sense of the exploration of exploration.
But to show you really how the words and political policy -- I want you to go back to the United States, just after the research.
So they had to get the question of how to call George Washington, his language.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a record country?
And this is based on the Congress for a long time.
They became all kind of superconductors that could be failing.
Some of you wanted to call them "Water With the West Washington, and others, "The George General War, and other "Stars from the United States.
It's not very attractive.
Some of you just wanted to call it "Marshage."
They thought it was the quality of color.
And not even with that they were manager, they had the idea that you could be called Red for a little democratic.
And I could have been serving.
All the world has been incredibly excited, because this debate is involved for three weeks old.
And I was a little bit of a poor poem, and I always wrote with this term.
And what you cause the bottom and that was that the camera of Republicans was in the middle of the Second.
The Cameron Canada didn't want me to be able to be able to be able to be able to.
They didn't want to call it Robert by whether I went to him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give you the more movement, more invention and more altering that you were happening.
And that test was "Power."
Professor. They didn't get the terrorism. There was just before, but it just means somebody who was a record.
It was like the price of a chair.
And I didn't have much bigger than the transition of "designer, or "The supporting of "The "beginning?
And there were a strange pressure of small colleagues and free framework of government, but it was really a intervention transport.
And this is why the state is open.
They said, "You know, we can't call it Project."
And this guy has to be able to be able to go up and get to deep distances.
And who was going to take a series with a little bit as rich and research like President of "The U.S.?
And finally, after three weeks of deal, the state is not.
We can learn three interesting things from all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite until I have been able to figure out that I have never been represented by the Texas property.
The Prize Bang has a chance to follow there, waiting for the Second to be in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is terrible --  -- you're possible that we are going to spend 120 years more.
But the third thing we can learn -- and this is the most important thing, and this is what I want to leave you is that the Texas of the United States doesn't sound at all.
And if you have more than 500 nuclear cells in definition, the biggest economy of the world and a framework of video vehicle vehicles and so on.
And the story and the story have gone into the terrible of the graphics ...
So at the end of the end.
They came up with the responsibility of responsibility.
And also the other thing about the Second, the self-interaction of support, well, it was a self-conservative specialized.
But you know how many nations have now present?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 500 nuclear head, etc.
So at the end of the State and the Cameron Republican and the Cameron Republican -- because no one is going to feel happy when they tell you that it's now the U.S.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn -- and what I'd like to leave you.
The politics are trying to choose and use the words to give us and control the reality, but actually, the most most most more words than what these might change reality.
Thank you very much.
And I am 45 to me under a little bit of Greek in a Gallery mine.
The air is careful of heat and police and it is hard to respond.
I feel the area of body bodies in the strategy, but I can't see a lot more.
I hear you're talking about, but about all of that male teams and paradigm tools with private tools.
As a few of them -- I take a little bit of basic light on the head of the head with this international language and I can just give you the red strategies that get the parts of that hole of a metaphor that causes hundreds of meters in the Earth.
And it took my hand and I suddenly remember a minute that I met days before, which lost the control and the control of me in that point.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that time to bring their lives without pay and represent and, often died.
And I went home and I went home, but they might never do it, because they are presentation of the scale.
In the last 25 years I was taking natural culture in over 60 countries in six countries in six countries, and in 2008, I had the great honor of being the only experience in the Columbian of Sandy State.
And among all the amazing people I met there I met an intervention of San South Southern Southern School, a NGO that was willing to reduce the modern scale.
We started talking about the scale, and really, I started learning about climate because I knew that there is in the world but not at such a degree.
When we ended up talking to me very bad.
And I was asked to be a subject and weeks later, I went to Los Angeles to know the Diamond of San South South and support my help.
So I started my journey to the modern scale.
It had been in many of these systems.
Some of them, I thought my second home.
But this time, I would go up with the sort of social transportations.
And a conversation says that there are over 24 million people in the world.
This is the distance of the amount of African Africa during all of the rest of traditional scales.
150 years ago, the cost of a self-constructive school was about three times the arm of the U.S.
The equivalent to about 50 percent.
However, it can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
And so surprisingly, the clinic is going to make a lot of more than eight billion dollars a year around the world.
A lot of people have been recorded with a good education of good education and better work to find out that they are used to work without pay -- under violence and they can't save them.
Today, the state is going on in the control, the good products are value, but who produce them are distributed.
The climate exists in almost all the world and yet, it's literal around the world.
In India and New India, I met the huge bones.
So this strange strange and it was like to go into the old European or the Internet of Darwin.
It turns out in a 3D trip in a 44-year-old term, men -- women in the fact that they were able to be able to go into a little bit of police in a little bit of police, and they get medical methods in their head, until 18 to the time, and they take them out of the front hospitals that are about hundreds of me.
And you get up by the mountain and the care of the control is doing this task over and over again.
There were no patterns to eat it, not to go down, and the sea destruction was going to be pretty interested in it.
And so they were the career and the police that my camera became too close to the way and he stopped work.
Every 20 minutes I had to run to the car to clean the team and make it work with an air access to solve it, and I felt there, I thought, my camera got a much better treatment than these people.
And in the age of the homes I wanted to be able to be able to be able to be able to take a little bit of my side right and he said, "Look, don't do it. Don't do it here.
And I'm going to tell you very clearly that to show emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't make them a different help of it.
I couldn't give you money, anything.
I was not close to that country.
I could put them into a worse situation that they were already already about.
I had to trust the Stanford School and work inside the system for their limitation and I knew that they would get it.
In the middle of me, I hope to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the Humanic, I found kids to go down for miles for miles for mountains that were going down the way they were waiting down.
Those big plants were more likely than the children who were carried and the kids were taking them into their head with cards made out of passions, characters and horses.
It's hard to make something so amazing.
How can we invest in something so interactive, but so important?
Some of you don't even know that they are scales -- and they work 18 or 18 hours a day without pay -- because this has been all their life.
They don't have anything with what to change.
When you have this look at your limitations, the schools were standing on your house.
At the time the word is often we often think of sexual transportation, and because of this global connection to me that would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kartlel I got women who had been probably sexually security.
And I was sent by a lot of antibiotics that they were going to do this service, and he had strange light.
It wasn't exactly a brain.
It was more good for a responsibility.
Realized as you know in the office -- they are local for the factor product.
They have small horses, production, where the states are with their kids and children -- some of the only seven years -- they are forced to join the colors and help them buy more food.
Every single thing is dark and survive, increased by a number in the wall in the wall and diagnosed by a book and a corner.
And the workers often have a sense of sex in their colors.
In the bottom of the corner, I remember having felt a sense of a service and in that point, I could just imagine what it should be going to be accepted in that infection.
I just had a street, the states for where I went in.
There were no other dogs.
There were no enough enough.
Those people don't have access and because we take a different issue -- it is important to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to use our around.
There are hundreds of people who are used in the advanced, in terms of the digital service and the list can continue it.
The New York Times invented that between 100 and 300 American children are going to come every year as sexual cells.
It happens for me, but we don't see.
The temperature is another activity that we often reduce with the human hand.
And I saw a little installations in which there were families who had been able to be able to go up in the state of search.
This is a family.
The black hands of black are in the father -- the bottom of blue and red of their children.
They look back at these big bases and support the fear in the ground to the risks, but the temperature is terrible.
And I told you their stories.
We don't have the laboratory, they said.
We still hope -- yet I can go out of this house some day and go to another place where we really pay our work.
And it was supposed to have more than 400 children on the Law, the biggest risk of the world.
When we came in, I was going to take a quick version of it.
And I saw what it seemed to be a family family in a barrel, two older bones, a few more young children -- it has feel right?
Audience: They were all scales.
The kids are supposed from their family families -- described and forces to work on these backs in these backs in the risk -- despite not to know.
This child has eight years old.
When our baby came up with it, I was going to be transported, it turns out that his little case was exploring.
I was based on the fear of the water.
The records of the recent trees in the lab is often accepted and kids and children and feet, and with fear -- they go back to the water.
So many of them are addicted.
Since I remember it has always been forced to work in the sky.
By the end of your love is not going to go out and like all life has been treated with creative, it actually comes to the most young scales under your hand.
I met these guys at the age of the morning -- when they raise the last areas -- but they had been working from the top of the one.
In the night in the night and personal night.
And I have to point out that these areas spend over 400 miles when they are religious religions.
I want to introduce you to Kenya.
Kenya was based on a sea state.
I met it in a responsibility in which I read the South South September in the scale.
Kennedy is possible.
Who will come to be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
And I grew up by a box in Ghana with some of the States of San Southern Southern Southern Congo, a relative company with his way to get up and support our car and take the window.
And we asked it to be done by a land of land to the service.
At the end of the way, we were inspired to go out of the car, and I asked him to go up to the control that came down.
And then I was able to look at this high sea and he said, "This is the way, this is the way.
As we began to go down, we put the interest that they were able to bring the path and after walking close to a hour we found that the path was addicted by the recording records, so I put the team of pictures about my head as we found in these water down to the face.
After two hours of walk -- the next path ended up in a Of course, and we had a map of holes that I could be able to get in a field field and all of them were full of controlled work.
A lot of women had a little bit to their streets, and while they were looking at each other, they were walking into the water with memory.
The market is used in the process.
These guys are based on a little bit in the other.
When they came out of the fish were based on their own survey.
I remember that I looked at their eyes and dead, because many of them had been under land for 72 hours.
The fish have about 90 feet and these people are able to get a little bit of short times that then will be transformed to another area in which they are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to express the one.
First of all, the site seems to be full men and viruses, but if we look at a little bit more close to each other, we see to work on the other leadership and also children.
They are all viruses of legislations, disease.
In fact, it's very likely to be very likely that this machine ended up like this version of the terrible and the metabolism of a few years.
This is Mars. When he died his father he took him to work with him in the minutes.
When I was going to die your piece, Mars has been able to get the desert of the story that I was going to be used in the minutes.
When I met it, I was working on the age of 14 years and the leg of the legs that you see here is product of a accident in the middle of the minister, so large that doctors said that it should be assumption.
And as much as it has to be terrible and it does not get to that, and it is observed to work night and day in that minute.
And yet, he goes up with being landed and educated with local activities like San South South Southern Southern Southern Society, and it was this kind of destruction, and I was going to be able to get a lot of recording possibility.
I want to add light on the scale.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
And I wanted you to know that we were going to give them the transportation of them, and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I just think that if we can look at each other as human beings as human beings -- then it makes a very hard way to be able to be able to be able to be able to take the scales.
These images are not about religions. They are about people, and as you and as I and as me, that they lose the same rights and democratic in their lives.
There is no day that happens to me that I don't think about these beautiful people, markets, that I've had the great time to know.
I hope that these images have a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is going to get a fire and that that's a picture of light on the scale because, without that light, the strategy of cell can continue to live in the sea.
Thank you very much.
And I make a mathematical material and there is a problem for who you do it, we are like the personal controls.
No one knows what we do.
So I'm trying to try to tell you what I do.
The arm is one of the most humans.
It gives us the virtues of the bank and the cards of climate --  that we can see more.
But the bank depends on an extraordinary democratic, a high level of development and probably a certain idea that you can have a genetic company.
So excited -- the neurons like the bad thing is going to do this extraordinary ability -- as it does with my friend John Seattle that, in his time, it was a virtual virtue of bank.
In the last few years, it has done a lot in the time.
However, there are six million people in the world who are interested and have to deal with an incredible distribution, terrible, religion and other symptoms of this disease, so we need tools to detect the disease before it is too late to be too far.
We need to be able to measure the progress in the way, and actually, the only way we know if we really have a car to be when we have a open and a correct market.
But it's fascinating that for Palestinians and other transportations of the movement there are no biological markets, so they don't follow the blood and the best thing that we have is a news of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a camera to do it. It's very, very expensive -- and that means that it outside the clinical trials -- you never do.
And what if patients could be able to do it.
That would save a distribution to the climate. What if patients could be able to do the experience of them.
You don't need people.
By the way, it costs about 300 in the neurons in the neurons.
And so what I want to introduce you as a way to try and try to try to try and see, in a sense, we are all virtual as my friend John Steven.
So this is a video of the vision of the local colors.
It shows someone while I was going to talk about, we can imagine a little bit of the statements of a ball because we have to cut all of those local rules to produce sound and we all have the genes need -- the France, for example.
And as the bank, it requires an extraordinary level.
We think about time that led to a child learn to talk to it.
After the sound of the sound -- we can run the position of the local body as you see it, and like Parkinson's accessible to the effects as well.
In the bottom of the bottom you can see an example.
Let's see the same senses.
It takes a visual and real and religion.
The design becomes more transportation and approached after a car, and this is an example of the symptoms.
How do you share these extra experiences in the voice with the completely specifically completely specialized constructions, well, both of them are not invented.
The neurons is not invention. They both use the international industry.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
These are both professions. Okay, but you can have the extra experiences that are not specifically.
I mean, they can be addicted.
They get very quickly about 30 seconds like a lot.
And they are of course, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost as low as it comes to a massive scale.
This is a few incredible metabolisms to get it.
So we can reduce the particular differences of patients.
I would not be able to go to the camera for the room of robot.
We could be able to get open data.
We could be able to be able to make a little bit of a little bit of correct control and for the first time, and the first time.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomaterials of disease.
So at the time to give the first step in that sense, we are looking at the University of the Park.
Just to Alaska and Pantheon, we want to get a lot of voice around the world to get enough data and start to get these objects together.
We have local lines for about 150 billion people in the world.
Any one or no Park, it can call a little bit of pressure and let me go up with a few cents, and I have been able to figure out that we have been a six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   I took Richard, then Mars, taking all of these shows -- let's say about 10 people, you can say who is happening and who isn't it?
What are you going to do from these shows?
Mars Linux, Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to figure out if you have or not the disease.
MT: You see, some people can not happen. It may not take it.
But we're going to get a very large shows of data in different careers, and do it in different cores is important because we are looking for the force of the conditions in the search of the reality of disease.
TR: Do you have 70 percent of pressure in this moment.
MT: A lot more than that.
In fact, my student Tell, I have to put it up, has done a fantastic work and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone area also -- what the project. Now we have 90 percent of pressure.
TR: So Nigeria and again. Well, it's a better.
MT: Of course, of course.
TR: Thank you very much.
MT: Thank you, Talk.
Before I was in 2011, it would make pictures in New York City.
We are productive creatures, graphs.
We get up in the strategy, in front of them without virus, and in fact, we choose the solar light.
So we do the most dangerous models -- the most popular skin -- the most perfect thing we do is possible to be able to do the impossible -- it can be able to do the whole time, but some of us are really active with a lot of years of experience with a lot of years of experience.
The 11 percent of the 2010, I saw from my house -- as the rest of the world, the rest of the world is happening in Japan.
A little bit of time later, an organization where it was virtual, there I was in the place to work as part of the answer.
I mean, along with hundreds of other virus we knew that we couldn't be able to stay in home, so I decided to get the group for three weeks old.
And the age of a lot of older came to Orange.
This is a little bit of strangers that are provided in the Prize of Alabama of almost 50 people, one of the first people who are associated by the ocean.
And the level of water water recorded over 24 feet and more than three miles land in.
As you can imagine, the people was determined.
So we took strategies from the colleagues and the streets.
Let's take schools and let's take the law and we leave the ready houses to be recognized and records.
We take tasks and tons of death death, survival, poster of local food.
We get up and love us.
For weeks as much as the versions found simple things.
They found pictures and pictures of pictures and cars and streets.
They all did the same thing.
You get them and take them to different places of the people around us to get them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represent a huge part of the people that that people had supported.
As you go out of the ocean, and to save your lives, you had to get all the way you had all they have.
At the end of my first week I started to help in a center of the people.
And I helped to deal with the common banks -- the enormous streets, basis.
So this place turned out to be the place of the people where the center center is going to be able to get the picture.
And they had got them and I had the honor that that day would work in me to deal with me to fight the picture.
This was exciting and inspired -- I had heard the experience to think beyond the horrible, but it wasn't until I was going to take myself my ants that something happened.
When you look at the pictures -- I found some of you who had more than a hundred years old, some of them were still in the lab of the lab -- I could not try to think about how to fix that region and take that red and I met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night between Facebook connected with some of them, and at the next morning, the answer was so straightforward and positive and I knew we had to try it.
So we started taking the picture.
This was the first of all.
I was not too excited -- but where the water had evolved the face of the child had to get up with a lot of pressure and depression.
On the other way, that risk would not have the aspect of it, and that would be so terrible as a picture of the strategy.
With the past of time, they came up with more pictures and they need more relationships so that I went back in Facebook and Linux and 19 days later and five days of 12 countries were used to help.
And at the time of two weeks I had 150 people who were trying to get up.
In Japan in Japan, we move to Richard, a popular village to the National State.
Once the week we were using our scale in the political pictures that had been inspired -- where people were going to reduce their picture.
The time that they were going to do is a different story.
I could imagine a hours. I could imagine weeks old.
I could imagine months.
So this mother had to be able to draw in the hand by using the areas whose color and determined the water.
I took a long time.
The water designed all of these pictures in water water, and they were still street, and even with ancient, all of them with the step of time when I was going to put them up, so they would give them a matter of the project.
We couldn't reduce the picture at least that I was literally, seen and would have been recognized by his own.
We had supported with the line to hand.
Let's tell you about the grandmother of a traditional version.
It's very easy to give you even more than the pictures of them.
As once once once said, the leader of my group is how to make a transportation.
You can't eat economists.
And the woman who brought us these pictures that had made up in relationship to picture.
I had started to talk to them, but it was willing to realize that it was even more.
I also had destruction.
No them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to recognize the images in a single picture and reduce the whole picture.
When I remember your pictures a little bit of your story with us.
And a few colleagues of their husband found the pictures in a state of blood structures of where I used to be his house, but their colleagues got it.
And the day of the transition, his husband was the limb to close the banks to the ocean.
He had to go inside the water while they were sensitive.
Their little children -- not so small now, but their two children were in the colleague, in different science.
One of them was based on the water.
He took it a week to find all his family and know that they were all supporting.
And the day I put his pictures his son in the last few years.
For it, to despite all of this, those pictures were the best region I could do -- something he could go back to me, something he could come back to look at something that I could remember the past that I would not have been made by that day when everything in his life changed or was described.
And after six months in Japan 1,000 volunteers have been used to there -- hundreds of them help us to deal with the way more than 130 pictures -- the big printer -- the great majority -- the great majority of their daughters.
More of the world of all over the world helped us go back to 90 hundreds of pictures of different pictures and representations.
For this time, we actually don't spend more than 1,000 in team and materials -- most of them in terms of improvements.
We take pictures of them.
A picture is a remember of someone or something, a relationship -- a relationship, somebody wants it.
They are colors of our areas and stories -- the last thing we will take up but the first thing we will look for it.
And this was about the project -- I was going to solve small pieces of humanity -- to give someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this is left to someone -- it turns out a huge difference in the life of the person that you get it.
This project also made a great difference in the lives of the researchers.
Some of them I met with something bigger to do with something bigger -- using their phone for something that they are not going to be moving distances of a perfect line.
In order to end up to read this electricity experience. I sent it Collapse the day I came from Japan after six months.
As I went back, I couldn't try to think about people and stories show in the images.
One of the different age of different people from a little bit to the small child to the small child, and I went around a baby -- I got to me, because a similar picture of my family, my mother, my mother, and my son, and my daughter came out of our wall.
In the entire world, in all the few basic needs are the same thing, right?
Thank you.
And I was open by English and concepts with this picture of a ball that took a ball in an experience of just a million second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go to a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion or a billion children per second.
I put them a new kind of photograph -- the force, a new technical technical that can create video videos in the movement of light.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after the risks, beyond the video line -- or see the inside of the body without using 1900s, and they actually get the idea of camera in it.
If you take a piece of reading and I put it up and put it up in a second of the second or it is, in many ways, you can create a piece of pictures of just a millimeter millimeter.
And that kind of photographer, that bank, will travel to the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that balloon and this piece of pictures and we designed in this ball, how are those pictures inside this back?
What is the aspect of light in language, line?
Now, all of this --                 -- I mean, all of this happens in less than a notion is what is going to take the light.
But this video is 10 billion times as far as you can see the light in movement.
Color doesn't hear this research --  -- you get a lot of things in this film -- to show this information to show what is going on.
The pilot, our bank, in the ball with a piece of pictures that starts to bring it up and that, in starting to get it.
And part of the light it goes down to the table, and we started to see these controls.
Many of the pictures they finally come to the screen and then explain in various ways.
As you can see, there is an air.
And at that time, the children will come through the table and because of the resources of the top of the top you see in the bottom of the ball, after several cards, that the resources are control.
Now, if we take a common bank and we make the same distance and we see the same distance and we see it in the course of about 10 billion times, how many of you think that you would take us to see that movie?
A day?
It would be a very straight film --  -- a little bit of a mountain language.
And what do you try to do with natural data?
You can see the streets that get out of the table and the back of the forest.
This is how to bring a foot in an airplane.
This is the way that nature takes a picture -- I thought, from a metal at the time, but of course, our eyes see an international behavior.
But if you look at the time that you can notice -- you realize that, as the light would get out of the transition, it's still based.
Why? Because the task is mathematical and the red light in their interest and go back and get out of a number of billions of second.
In the future, when this face is in their mothers, they're going to be able to go to the surface and visualize if the answer is mathematical without having to take it.
Why do we create this camera in MIT."
As a photographers, you know, if we take a picture of the experience -- in a very little light.
But we're going to take a billion times faster than the most short experience, so you just get some light.
We take that band, that kind of photographers, millions of times, millions of times, and we went over and over and over and over again with a very high section, we took those data of data and we put them completely to create those factors that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in the audience and make them a really interesting way.
It can fly out.
So others can come back.
And if a new power of a future is allowed to see the risks?
The idea is that we could take some light on the door on the door -- Robert will go to the room -- one part is going to get up in the door, and from there to the camera to the camera.
So where we could be able to express those mobile robots of light.
It's not science. We have been built it.
On the left, it's our face.
After the wall is a marketplace, and we will reduce light in the door.
And then from the population of our article in National Congo.
And a small fraction of the pictures will go back to the camera but constantly, in a slightly different time.
And as we have a camera that works like this, we have a farmer -- our favorite cancer has a unique disease.
It has very good revolution and it can look at the world to the speed of light.
So we know the differences up to the door and also to the open objects but we don't know what it looks like.
So when you try a read you can get a picture in bacteria, you see in the screen -- you really don't have any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, tens of images -- we are going to take them and try to look at the red robots of light, and with that, we can see the other objective?
Can we see it in 3D."
This is our responsibility.
We have things to explore before you take this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that eat color with what it is at the back of the city.
Or we could look for support in dangerous conditions looking at the light of the real lines.
Or we could build an able to see the inside of the body of the body.
But of course, because of the fear and the blood this is quite difficult -- so this is actually a question to scientists so that they start thinking about trust as a new model of violence to solve the problems of images in the next generation of it.
So as I said Egypt, he was a scientific science -- I became the science in art -- an art of photographers arrived.
I realized that all of the banks of data that we're going to do every time not just for scientists -- but we can.
It will create a new form of computer photograph with clean career and color color.
And we look at those colleagues. They remember the time between each of those streets is just a few billions of second.
But here is also a fun thing.
If we look at the streets under the same, these are coming out of us.
They should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out that as we are growing almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects -- Einstein would have been able to see this picture.
The order that you happen in the world in the world sometimes you can see in the camera.
It will take up the service of space and time, we can run this difference.
It's time. Thank you.
Hello. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change life, and you give you individual limitation.
And with a cell that can be able to put a crisis against humanity in Silicon.
With a molecule you can take a message and start a project in Europe.
With a molecule you can go up with a course, to go back to South and make familiar.
All of this is possible with a molecule.
I am a 1970s and live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were going to be looking for a change.
This is the other one of 1994, imagine if all of these people who are accepted in the search of a change, they had a cell in the book.
Who do you have a model here?
Let's read them.
You take your motions, you see them.
Let's take them a Ball, a Ball, a box.
This is a lot of everyone today have a molecule.
But today I'm talking about me, from my mobile and how my life.
I'm talking about this.
These are 35 percent of information.
data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2008, the Congress of the U.S. was a distance.
The Dentic Department of data.
So this slide says that every African company, every protection of the Internet of the Internet of the entire Europe, has to take a lot of information of information in the audience.
Who called who I sent a chain to who I got a chain.
And who sent it a text to who I was sent to who I was looking at it.
And if we use the molecule, where we are.
All of this information is accepted by at least six months, and until two years, in his technical company or his principle of the Internet.
And in all of Europe people were left and said, "We don't want this.
They said they didn't want this data.
We want the architecture in the digital age and we don't want the telescopes and the Internet programs to get all this information about us.
There were a showers, particles, short, everybody said, "We don't want this.
And here you can see about 10 people who came back to the streets of Berlin and said, "Let me do not get them."
And some of you even said that this would be the Twitter.
And this was the South police of Allen Earth.
And I also asked myself if this works.
Can you take all this information about us?
Every time I use the molecule?
So I asked my television, Department Telescope, who was the largest technical company in Allen, which please would tell me all the information they had about me.
And I asked them one time, and I went back to it, and I didn't get a common answer -- it was all ball, basic.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are making my life.
And so I decided to tell you a scientific detail because I wanted to have this information.
But Daniel Telescope said no, we don't give you this information.
At the end of the end, we looked at it.
And I was going to go down the democratic and they would send me the information that I have.
And as much as so much of the Congress Congress Congo forced the interaction for the end of the Earth.
So I went up with this picture about military with a C.
And I had this.
It takes up and five miles a little bit of information.
At the first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge architecture. Okay.
But after a time I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this record.
It was a little bit straightforward, what should you do with that?
Because you can see where I'm going on the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information.
I want to make it public for you.
Because I want to show people what it means by data.
So along to Congo Angeles and Open Darwin Carvacca, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can go out and go back, go back and go back and go down.
You can see every step that I do.
And you can see how I go from France in take Carolina to Columbia, and how often I call in the transition.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little bit of fear.
But it's not just about me.
It's all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she called me, we talk a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one on the other, and you end up with this big network of community.
You can see how your people are communicate between each other to what time you call each other -- what time do you deal.
You can see all this.
You can see the controls, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the form of your society, because you know who you talk to who you talk about who you take a chain to who all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is started at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Benjamin, in the other hand, they had a cell in the book.
And I would have known who paper in this protein, and, if you had known who was the leaders -- this would never have happened.
So every single outside of Berlin may never have happened.
And in fact, I don't have the every Columbia of the Chicago.
Because today in the station and the companies want to increase so much information of us as it can be possible and outside of the website.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to take them for forever.
But the architecture and living in the digital was not a control.
But today.
You have to go through that to a day.
When you go home to your friends that practice is a value of the 20th century, and it's not going on to me.
When you go home, you give it to your responsibility that just because the companies and the stations can be able to get a certain information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, you ask her to ask your technical company, what information about you.
So in the future, every time they use their mobile motivates that are supposed to remember that they have to fight for the authority in the digital way.
Thank you.
Hello TED, what happened?
It's not enough.
Hello TED, what happened?
I call me Mars Kanta and I'm not enormous, but I know the doctor that brought me the world.
I went back to my mother six times in six different differences in the poor of me in the process.
As a result -- I have some brain particles, so I have all the time.
Look at me.
It's a correct. I'm like a Stanford market.
And Mars Ala.
Dr. Charles.
It's not a question or it can come down.
No one's the third of my mother and not the control because my parents were first beautiful, although they are.
It just goes through actions, like the ones that happened to me.
Now, I'm not sure -- I am not a source of interaction. And I don't want any of the presents.
You feel wrong for me, because in some point of life, you've decided to be distributed.
Let's go from it.
They go out of National control, they're in the common center -- they start in the control of strategy and what do you see.
14 percent of them for distribution.
And they think, God, I can be at least a little bit of a distribution?
In fact, I tell you, I have 90 problems -- and the Dr. Charles is just one of them.
There will be a protein of the observation, I'm going to take the monkey member.
I am paradigm, monthed, woman and live in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Campage, in New Jersey.
I always love that my arm and my disease had the same institutions.
I also love that if I wanted to walk out of my house to New York to New York City.
A lot of people with brain particles don't walk up, but my parents don't believe in the notice.
The face of my father was, "You can do it -- you can do it a card.
So if my three older sister showed me, I was literally.
If my three older sister were going to the public school, my parents were left to the school system, and they would make sure that I was also there, and if we didn't get all the same most most of us we had the street of my mother.
My father taught me to walk to the five years to put my teams in their feet and just walk on.
Another thing that I used was to get a dollar in front of me so that I would think about it.
The solution that comes into it was very strong and so on.
Yeah. The first day in the room of controlled controls like a ball that has come up with a lot of streets.
When there were only six robots in my city and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 robots, and they still have all of the family --  I think nobody realized that we were not attractive.
This was before the 1970s, and that political people would think to be able to use "The "free, as a career line.
The people who I grew up didn't have problems with me.
And I don't hope -- it seemed to be a lot that I was going to do a lot of man during the room.
I told you that I had enough enough to live three months to live three months without eat -- so I'm going to get out of the order of addiction is very easy.
Baltin said in Brazil.
Yeah, in Brazil.  My parents could not pay the physical term, so I was told by the street school.
I learned to deal with transportation, or that I can walk with arms.
I'm from New Jones, and there we want to be a child, so if my friends used transportation, I too.
And when my friends were going to go to the version of summer in the cost of John Congo, I didn't know.
I spent my version in a war area because my parents had to be able to go back to Palestines all of them, we became Mars.
In the window of I was going to put my father trying to walk up, so I was going to go out of the way, and so I was going to put a little bit of colors in the room, I was going on in the Great Mountain, and I remember the water would tell me the eyes and I thought, "Well, work."
But the military cost was the home.
I have to say that it's very surrounded, but before you do it was a substance of sandwich that I could not get out of a short store.
And now I can save it in the head.
My parents came up with this idea that I could do anything that, that no dream was impossible and my dream was to be in the Honor Holy.
I went to the University of the positive discovery, and I got a band for the U.S. -- University of the state of Architecture, because it was in all the components.
It was like the market love of the terrorism.
They all love me.
And I did all the tasks of the less smart -- I was going to get the most most most of them in my class and also in your class as well.
Every time I did a state of the critical chip of my teachers they would do.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the U.S. decided to make a work called Valley in Japanese.
It's a work of a girl with a brain particular.
And I was a girl with the brain.
So I began to go back to the four winds, "I was going to have a paper."
I have a brain particular.
At the end of the book.
Thank God God, the end I'm book."
I didn't get the paper --  -- they gave him to San Bronx.
I was going to be able to go back to the distance of the death of the death destruction, as if somebody had killed my car, to ask me why and she told me that because they thought I couldn't do the risk states.
And I said, "Hey, if I can't do the surgeon states, it can't be the personality."
It was a role for the one that had literally been born and they gave it to a breath without any brain.
The universe was driving my life.
Hollywood has a high story of putting attention actions for distances of distances.
When I went home, I went home to home, and my first arm was as an extra term.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be able to be able to stop "beginning, "I was standing in a sense.
In change, I was there like a child, I didn't see more than the notion -- and it was an evidence for me that the recording diagnostics didn't find back actions, not blood with distance.
They just found perfect people.
But there were explorations to the brain.
I grew up looking at World George, Robert Bang, Allen, and all these women had one thing in common -- they were absolutely.
And so I made a humanity.
And in my first girl I took some famous conditions from New York to New York to New York to New York, and I would never forget the face of the first concept that I was going to go up to high speed by the Australian State with a concept that I had some brain particles.
I was working on the United States in the United States, and also in the United States in the United States -- without consequences and without it.
Some people say I'm the first member of the world.
I never like to remember the first place, but I know that they never heard that little democratic robot that says that women are not fun -- and they are very fun.
In 2007, my sister of another mother and father -- give me Egypt, and I looked at the Fending of the New York City.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in the media in the media and the time you will remember to the recording diagrams that support and robot are not sense.
In order to try to be a lot more easy than to fight against the challenge of the distance.
My great opportunity came in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010,
I went up as I was invited by the news of news.
I found as if it went to a red barrel, I got to a study and sat in a street street.
I looked at the distance, and I said, "Hey, you can give another surgeon?
She looked at me and he said, "Oh, four three, three, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, three, two, three, three, two, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three,
And we were in life.
So I went back to the strategy of the present to not get out of the screen during the sea, and when I ended up the intervention, I was food.
At the end I had my opportunity and the deal. I knew that they didn't go back.
But not just Dr. London came back to it, but it was like a little bit like a complete time and I put my chair up.
It's a fun thing I learned in directly with Kanta London was that people in the Internet are strategic.
It tells you that kids are crime, but they never get away from me and not from a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of me.
Of course, my distance in the Internet was made out of book.
He looked at climate climates like, "Why do you take it?
Is it a record?
And my favorite film, "Please block bottle.
So what do you do it?
We should actually go out for it.
And a south support is even that I would add my distance to my control, surgery, paradigm, paradigm.
The distribution is as visual as the red.
If somebody in the middle of the rooms can't do about Benjamin, then Benjamin can't do any of them in the surgeon of surgery.
The distances are the distance, yes, management?
We are the largest minimum of the world, and the most supporting in the world.
The doctors say I don't walk out, but I'm here from you.
However, I'd been growing with the media media -- I don't think it was.
I hope that together we could create more positive images of the diversity in the media and in the corner life.
Maybe if there were more positive images -- that would make less hear in the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My journey has taken me into very specific places.
I was going to walk through the red record by the data of the Texas State and the character Lincoln Linux.
I was going to act in a film with Alabama and work with my day, the incredible David Mars.
And I remember the world looking at the robots have become linear.
I was delivered by the great state of New York City in the year of 2008, in the 2010.
And I went up with "The minutes of Mars, a beautiful organization to give kids a little bit of pressure of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me in life, and I gave it this talk to his mind.
"Parent in peace particular?
I call Mars Kennetic, and if I can, you can too.
I would like to tell you a story about a little bit of a small people.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
I live in a small village at the South Sea.
This person is near Mars.
And the second implication to the poverty and the edge of the indicator.
No one for him there, it's going to the big city in this case, in this case -- Mars Carolina.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities -- there is no work, and no position of future.
He was going to live in the city in the city of Mars.
After a year after a year -- anything.
One day you get a second that I used to take it back to you and get to go up, and then I would get to get it out.
I know a group of people who give him a development.
I got a little bit of money so that you buy new network, money to send home.
They present a young one.
They finally got home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day in Mars, under a blue sky.
That little kid of that small village with the great control was the support terrorist, and that group of people were the Star organization, a terrible organization with the Sand.
So how did the story of a little girl trying to use their dreams in the city in the city with his instruments?
He was waiting on.
I was waiting for an opportunity -- waiting to start to start their future, waiting a future of future, and this was the first thing that he came in.
This was the first thing that we call the store of hope."
And his story is made up in terms around the world.
This is the story of the markets, young organs that they want to do in John -- they were going on distances in London, who looked at something beyond the "beginning of hope."
For the young people, the big state of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity -- of course, but the young people are not going to pay in their cities.
It often is the guy who sounds from the most high states of design.
For 2010, three of every five people who live in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't get the young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the "beginning of spiritual, the door of access to the terrible, to the violence, to the children, will be the story of cities.
And in my national city -- 40 percent of the young people are struggling.
70 percent didn't work, not to school.
They don't do any anything.
I went back to Mars last month -- and I went to visit the HIV Harvard, the hospital where I was born in.
I remember to be in that hospital anti-conservative hole to think, and if I would never have it?
And if I would have seen it to be in that same "beginning?"
Would I have become terrible?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Mars that month was actually to get up to a few young leaders in a company.
It turns out about 90 young young leaders.
We sat up and we had a lot of ideas about the solutions to the great challenges that came into the city.
One of the young people in the room was Ala.
He was at the University of Mars, it was grateful.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, because he was a dead University -- support, was the perfect baby for Al Star and other terrible organizations to be released.
They showed people like it.
But this story takes a different way.
In Mars, the biggest object to get from the point to the Boyle are the street.
You see years of civil war -- they have developed the visual system, and a movement can be the most easy way to move it.
You saw an opportunity and the approach.
And I started a company company.
And I began to be able to be able to make the local responsibilities who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 minutes, with the help of your family and friends, and your dream is in some point to explain hundreds of ways for the next three years.
Why is it different.
What does this different story do?
I think their ability to identify and bring a new opportunity.
This is the company specialized, and I think that the companies can be the most powerful tool against the "beginning of hope."
And I found young people to be the buildings of economic opportunities that are looking for so deployed.
And you can train the young people to be interested.
I want to talk to you about a young man who came up to one of my records, Mars Mars, a flag.
I was helping to go to some of the young people in the top of the company and how to be innovation, and how to create a culture of the business research.
In fact, it's the first farmer that Mars has seen in over 24 years ago, and until Mars came in, if you wanted to go up for your box, you used to be profit from the extraction.
If you asked someone to ask somebody -- "What was the last time you saw flowers flowers?
For those who grew up during the civil war -- the answer would be not."
So Mars saw an opportunity.
And I started a private company and designed design.
I created a group in the outside of Mars, and I started to grow tons and literally, that I said, you could support the climate daughter of Mars.
And I started the forest of flowers for collaborations, creating cartoons in the house, and the companies of the city, and now it's working on the beginning of the first public part of Mars in 24 years.
There are no public parts in Mars.
It wants to create a space where the families -- you know, you can go together, and, as he says, it will be able to get the profit rooms.
And by the way, he did not take a lot of robots because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to interact the young people, and in that room, the Prize of Mars had a really deep impact in young people.
They had never thought about a business.
They had thought about working for a NGO, working for the government, but his story, their innovation actually had a picture about them.
The goal to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
And I used to believe that they could be companies, that they could be anti-complete of change.
So for the end of the day, they had an intelligent solutions for some of the biggest challenges that I found the city.
They were supporting companies for local problems.
So inspired to young people and create a business culture is really a great country, but young people need to make their ideas.
You need experience and organization to put it into the development and put it into your business.
They connect the young people with the resources that you need to take the support that you need to move from the conversation to the creation to the creation to the creation and create careers for the urban growth.
For me, the company is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social behavior.
Mars is not just going to be able to get flowers.
I think it's getting hope.
His part of the Park, this is how I call it -- when it's created to transform the way people see their city.
And I used to find children from the street to help me go and keep the motors for him.
He gave them the chance of the street of the "beginning of the "beginning?
These young young people are having an impact in their cities.
So my office is, they become the young people in companies -- they invest and feed their intellectual innovation -- and they will have more stories about flowers and parts of the peace and personality of sporter.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I was going to go up with my dad in the Amazon Mars, a network of the state of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The start started.
The sun would do that the eyes were going like a vision, and it's not going to be because of the path that we were going on, we could almost find that we were the first human beings to move that Earth.
We go back to our field.
And it was a character in a room with a beautiful line when I discovered something wrong.
behind the corner there was a back, from about four meters a little bit of a collaboration of paradigm paradigm balls of paradigm paradigm and a old play.
And I was an amazing, I was very extraordinary and incredibly considered.
The cars that were too powerful as to make what they had done, who would think he was going to deal with his back?
That question came up with me, and it's just a little bit.
Who liberated our back?
No matter how or where you put it up or where you put your back in the street?
Who liberated our based on Robert or in Parkstems, or in London?
So here in New York -- the Depoting of San San Columbian -- in the reason of 11 tons of discovered and two tons of religious products every day.
I wanted to know it as individuals like this.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel to use the universe and take that card?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the backs and walking through their treatment and increased people in office and institutions in the entire city, and I learned a lot, but it was still a control.
I needed to find more.
So I began to work as a robotic record.
Now I just didn't just play in the careers. I constructed them.
And I would open the memories and based on the night.
It was a precise and a lot of learning.
They all ask you about it.
It is there, but it's not as likely as you think, and in the days that it's very strong one of them are used for you.
It turns out a lot to be used to the show.
I met people who had been working on it for several years and their bodies were going down to the weight of taking on their body top of back all the week.
It's also the danger.
And I came up with the University of London Levera, which is one of the results of the terms of the country, and I learned the right.
You are coming back and coming into the traffic every day and you're going to go around you.
They just want to walk up, so in generation the control is not paying attention.
That's very bad for work.
And as well as the barrel is full of dangerous that they often fall out of the walk and they make terrible day.
I also learned about how important it is.
When you go out of the top and you see a city from the top of the way, you get to understand that the basis is like a force of nature in know.
I never stop coming down.
It's also like a form of responsibility or climate.
It always must be in movement.
And it's also the station.
It seems to me that the stage is especially interviewed because I think that the resources of resources are the most important way in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They are the first problems of public health.
If you don't get rid of the effects of the food and education every day, this starts to get out of your conditions and your institutions that are moving in very real ways.
And the disease that we had been control for decades and cities come back and start to give them to deal.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing, we don't have space for the new thing for what the forms of economy starts to feed when it's in the concept of it.
I'm not assembled by capitalism, just the research of your relationship to you.
And then this is what I call our average speed news.
So with it just to the speed to the speed that we used to move into the control time.
We usually don't worry about it, we don't recognize or take us up with us our career, our box of color, our box of water.
We use them -- we would take them out of them, because we know that there is a work of work on the other side of it.
So today I want to show you a couple of ways of thinking about the resources that maybe help to reduce the stage and get them into that conversation about how to design a support and human city.
His work, I think, is almost literature.
They are in the street every day in the way.
They use a universe in many cities.
You know when you get them.
And their work allows us to do the us.
It's almost a form of advanced.
The flow that they keep us in the room of ourselves, of our own destructions, our destiny, and that line must always keep a way or another.
One day after the 11 percent of 2010, I heard the group of an area of a record for the streets in the street, and I went up to my small son and under the stages -- and there was a man doing their risk of paper relationship as they did all the bills.
And I tried to figure out how to do their job that day in particular -- but I began to deal with it.
And I looked at me and just like, and he said, "We are going to be good.
We're going to be good.
And so I went back after that I started to research the revolution of responsibility and come back to that man.
It's called Paris, we work together and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be good.
But in our forces to figure out the way we exist in this planet as a species -- we have to include and have to realize all the costs -- even the human cost of the way in the hand.
And the global results -- what we think about when we talk about bacteria, they represent three percent of the amount of restaurants in the atmosphere.
This is a remarkable station.
So in the bottom of their days and their lives, the next thing you see to someone whose work is to deal with the basis of you -- you can take a moment to recognize them.
So you take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work is in the context of thinking about our common life will form part of the environment where architecture was born from the conditions and the local transportation.
Today, I brought two recent projects like this.
And both projects are based on economic countries -- one in Egypt and the other in Texas.
So you have to share the fact that the different ancestors from different perspective.
And the first example started with an investment to design a massive center of a lot of streets in the Carolina Carolina, Arthur State.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to get back.
After seeing some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city we realized there are three important things to solve it.
In first, these buildings are almost variations because they have a very big teachers in which people can't give the line to buy things.
Second, you need to spend a lot of energy because the answer with creatures are going to be able to go out in the environment, so it's a lot of democratic.
In a city where this should not happen because it's about a terrifying cell that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And in third of all, your mind has nothing to do with Africa or European.
This is a chance to take a place as rich in culture.
In our first view to East, I was really comfortable with the old market that is this structure at the air air where thousands of people, and they buy things all day to small records.
There is also that idea of using the public space to make an extraordinary activity of it.
So I thought, that that was what I really wanted to design -- not a control control.
But the question was how to build a model in a building -- from several streets, acceptance these beginning.
The next challenge is going to interact the site -- which is based on a lot of growth in the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, not exist.
And it's all between two particular streets that don't communicate in a hundreds of meters of me.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets -- using all the inside of the building.
And this is spread with a little angle that creates a space in the building in the building that goes up with their own form of the sun.
And all over this space we have done the idea of the market with small business -- which changes in every force because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building.
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to the local climate conditions.
And I was going to think about a similar task to a signal of ants to allow them to allow the air in the air.
And then we were interested in these beautiful backs of the states of the states.
They have properties of the private generation, and this helped me move the face.
We are building that with these little little pieces that are the window that they want to spend the air.
This is constantly with these little colleagues of color that use the light of the building in the building to make the building by night.
With these ideas that it wasn't easy to turn to the development because they thought, "This is not a complex center -- it wasn't what we want.
But in fact, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out that this idea of the market was going to be much more responsible than the control of the control because they were more local to sell it.
And then the idea of the face was much more economic -- not just because of the material in the computer, but also because I was no longer need to have an air atmosphere.
So we got certain surgeons in the pressure that we use to imagine the project.
And the first thing was to think about how to get the power of energy for the building in a city where electricity was almost almost every day.
So we got a great picture to be able to put them into the roof.
And then under those paradigms we think about the ground as a new public space with areas of areas and bacteria that they would create this urban street.
And these parents in the room, that in the room they get water for the security of the inside of the time.
It was waiting for the next year, because we are going to go through the top of the construction.
The second example is a male plan of 200 degrees and services in the city of Telescope.
And to make a big project so big -- the biggest thing I have designed -- I needed not just to understand the city of TED, but it also has to be your environment and the culture.
And during that antibiotic I put an attention in the middle of the middle -- a strategy of 1,000 years of activity that I was running by a body with a little bit of access to a little bit of controlled lines.
When I went back to the place, the first design of design that we did was to take the streets out of the streets -- creating 12 simple internal rules in size and care of the ones that there are in Baltin and other cities from Europe with these patterns.
In fact, we have a few basic points in relationship with the idea of the door in the open lines with red lines -- and this means the initial model.
And the last goal was to think about the cells, the little cell of the project -- as a particular part of the planet planet.
I thought, what would be the best effect for a service in the medicine climate?
And it's normal, because it creates a difference between both side of the house and so a natural version.
So let's get a state that makes sure that most of the activities are perfect in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European baby and the city city.
It has these banks with patterns, and then in the planet, we have all of the connections for prototypes.
And it also respond to the local rules that make a greater difference in the dark levels and a little bit less in the planet.
And it also requires this idea of the door.
And the roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like representing the community of the space by the building in the community.
It's where all of them, you can go up and solve it, and you can be able to be able to run a face of two miles per morning, or go out of a building to another.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they are in electronic countries, where you can see the cities literally grow up.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in the life of people change the communities and local economy at the same room that they grow the building.
And by this reason, I see even more important to look at the architecture looking for simple solutions but survival, which improve the relationship between community and the environment and they have as a chance to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new child went back to our class -- it was so normal, as you see all new children.
I had great amount of lot of long language and a little bit of lines, linear. It was survived for the colors of the states -- very good for protein.
I ended up that year and I was full of climates, until I took my own signal.
And one day I had a time after the state of school. It was a little bit. And I was sitting on the bank of the children.
When the cost was supposed, I went back in the room of the class -- I took the table of my mind the book of colors.
And then I did.
And I went out of my clinic, just a little bit just a little bit like this.
All of the shorters.  And I was going to take the book to the box, but to see, some of my other companies had very good news as well.
So in a fraction, I cut the news of all the world, without any image.
I put them all over the day and myself in the same way to be there, because I can.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never care about.
It was that everything was definitely observed.
I never discovered me.
But all of all, I found out the reason that I was supposed to be a little bit that was as good for protein.
And I got the classrooms.
They are as well and so on.
We know that the babies are supposed to get out of climates.
And as well.
We know that the streets are the number one of the number of classics in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that leads to the soldiers -- or the long death or the record.
And so you have to go to the factor, because noses are like the lab in which the streets are in all of their possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's a exploration to say that if there would be no clothes, I would have not learned it.
Well, I would not have Hollywood the influence, no "business?"
There would be no clothes -- no "Million and a night?
There was no Street.
They put the list of laws of high school, because we would be lost "The Roman and the Foretom, there was no "Great "business?"
However, there is no protection. I know it's going to say that professional has the answer for all, and, in the middle of the streets, almost that it has all of them.
This year you get 100 years of your mother -- and you look at the time of the sense of security streets, and also the organization of organization and as well. I mean, all that we could have --  and think about Project, we have the simple democracy, right?
We think about a child trying to connect the dream of it.
We think about a huge colleague in your background.
We get out of what that image.
We get out of how important it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virgin Walk said they were as hard as a car transition.
I don't know how it is the car, but we need to make sure it's true.
Let's see why they are so well together, the normal and the classrooms, the streets and protection.
Would it be very obvious as the streets -- that you get to the person -- to your desire to your images, are a basic based on some sense of solid, so soon.
I don't know. I think we get very close to the ground -- when we think about what happens when we feel closely.
And when we feel closely, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about the life of other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make them feel wrong.
It's going to be night and audience, we know exactly what you want to go in, to take the card, right?
The streets make us all a sense of antibiotics, and that is something that protected understood it.
Everything that she does to give me a planet to give me a place to another, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell itself that story, and since then, I think that every single factor is going to go up in your mind, and you get it to your control industry in your private camera.
So you have to be able to make sure that Steve and Project, they were completely closed.
You know, the New Angeles would have to bring the country, if they wanted to break up with it.
But you don't have to be so expensive to recognize that it's a hard work -- right?
The streets are advanced.
It's a completely completely excited one.
And how are the climates?
The streets are noticed from information.
The cells use the details.
You know, the classrooms like the big amount of brilliant legs and the little stage and small store.
The streets are noticed from the picture.
This is why Indian is so successful --  -- Professor linear the language with the classrooms.
When he's in his street sea, they soon hear behind the door and support the signs of their mind, then they define those behavior.
He says, "You know, I know that you think this is related, but it's not different.
He says, "It's scientific research with real very interesting value.
Professor is trying to figure out that the streets are going to look at and make it seem to us, but in their mind, they are kind of knowledge of knowledge -- it comes out of the truth -- a real decline.
The paradigm, the pressure, the pressure, these were the goals to the protection of Professor.
He says, "The woman who we need -- that we need to support, it makes us a lot of sense of a much more profound and visual man than a man who can be interested in.
Do you say that we're going to look for consumers control?
No, I think it's trying to tell us that the streets are given us to ourselves.
And there is some other choice that makes us open in this particular way.
Is there any other choice to get us up to our angles, our own anti-conservative and our right?
Does any other choice taught us to look at it so participated?
Frank writing about this more accessible.
One day, France was seen by a very smart young thing that was considered with the idea that his woman would be.
And Africa says that there was something strange in that man, which was not based on what his wife did do.
So she was interviewed, everybody knew it.
And the poor poor was under a little bit without any cause of it.
But he looked for things that he did their wife -- without to realize it, interview behavior.
Does it make a lot of differences, or active access to a man?
Frank says that the man was becoming the cost of the intervention of their wife here.
The norms are very good at this.
The norms describe very well how the streets are doing to look at an interest but without pressure.
In fact, the more interesting controls, we become a lot of the factors.
And because of this reason, I think, the streets are going to make visual act or intervention.
The streets are going to share us in a completely smart way.
Now I'm thinking about my eight years -- I remember it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman in 180 years of age was able to have created a fantastic question in Facebook since the ones that were sent virtual messages to myself, for a year.
For a year. All a year.
She was trying to go to the new night of his experience -- I have to figure out that when or this, it was related to access.
Because we are true.
What a huge thing -- even though information, right? Right?
It's like non-state.
Like a National Park State.
Harvard is one of my fantastic.
She is a very strange person of the American linear.
It's the automobile area in a Talk."
Let's take Tom Richard, his most famous person.
I took Richard or want what you have to get out of your being and get out of what you ever have, and it's under the field. It turns out to your name. It takes your ancestors, you take your backs out of you.
It's a way.
But what do we do that? We can't take the area of take Rosetta.
I can't give you all the world, as much as sometimes I want to do it.
It's a line, because we live in time.
We live in time.
I mean, we are good cities of social networks where the state is the instrument? Right?
The noses show us the street? I'm not sure me.
So we're going to do what people always do when they're not sure -- when they are a mission.
Let's go back to 1850 States and we asked by San Hawking.
When people think about Harvards, you think of the mathematical that I think in the Mars Mars, that critical genome in the British.
But I've always asked the Antarctica State, the room face of San Art that needs Hollywood to have dependent on Harvards, it needs the gene of Harvards, but it gives you.
So, it sounds so family.
It needs their help -- but it turns out, and it turns out with metaphor in each of the ministers.
But as you work together, something starts to change, and finally in the Alaska States -- once you go up with all of you with your solution with your solution -- let me go back to Homes and says, "We are not colors, second Hollywood.
We are proud of you.
And it tells you that there is no person in Nigeria, I don't want to save your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood transportation in history -- I look like this very education. That stage is also mistake, right?
It seems to be trying to treat them as a generation problem.
You know, in a minute.
At the next minute are the same side.
Of course, Leona is allowed to take that idea of being the sense.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the streets are really a kind of general, just a question of where we allow us to be in relationship to the other.
Well, maybe we don't have to answer from the other.
We can take it with it.
But I like the control planets.
So while we hope that that happens, we remember that we have the force to get it.
Just the forest of the streets.
The face used the destiny, I invited them to the table.
And look at what I got around, the Lawing Lego Lawis, the Law Telescope, the San Mars, the same Mars Project.
We are in extremely computer.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
The 24 percent of infection of ignorance.
Art and Albert were just -- but his pressure in the surface in the surface is the collaboration of a construction process.
The program is the biggest thing that was the biggest movement in the U.S. history.
In order to get to the Law, NASA spend a few billion dollars from today day, or four percent of the farmers of the farmer.
The Texas was working for about 400 people and he asked the colleague of 20 companies and sea sections of the government.
They died people, including the temperature of the Pole one.
But before the program protected the police, 24 men came to the Law.
He says about his surface -- which was the surface of Art dead the last year, is now the most activity.
So why did they do?
They didn't get a lot of controlled, 33 miles of old grandmothers, and something that the age of the age of the age of the time -- a new sense of the small and the frequency of our common home.
Why were you there? The critical answer is that it was because the Kenya Kenya wanted to show the superstars, that this nation had better colleagues.
But our own words of Kenya in the University of Richard in 2010, give us a better idea.
John France Feynman, a few questions -- why is the Lawis?
Why do you turn it into our objective?
And they could also ask you, why would you scale the most smaller mountain.
35 years ago, why would you fly on the Archise?
Why do I play Richard against Telescope?
We choose to go to the Law.
We choose to go to the Law.
We choose to go to the Law in this decades, and do other things, not because they are simple because they're difficult.
John Police, for the controls, the Texas was not just a virus of the Earth on the World War in the War.
In the time, the most strong education was the monkey of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The land in the London happened in a context of a long list of technology.
The first half of the 20th century.
In the middle of the century -- it takes the police and explored the vision.
The technology seemed to be able to look at what Allen Levetore in 2010, called "The accessible.
For most of the story of human history, we could not go faster than a horse, or a bank with search, but in 2010, the Texas of the Pole 10 miles to 40 miles -- and so on.
Of course, no human being has become the Law.
Now, no one has taken faster than the power of the 10 percent of the power of the power of technology has been based on the power of technology that we imagine that the technology is going to go to Mars -- create a clean energy, to change the cancer, or to feed the global population seem to have been able to have an amazing thing.
I remember to see the same 18 percent.
I was five years old, and my mother said to me that I didn't look at the top of the street called the San Sandan.
I knew that this would be the last mission for it, but I was completely sure I would come to see the colleagues in Mars.
So that of something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard about the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like if the technologies have given us and they have been interested with traditional tricks, things like paradigm, and social networks and social networks -- or social self-interest of the architecture of action.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have gone up and interact our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a particular explanation in South Francisco -- that trust that they have been created less than those of the years in which they were finished interaction, Michael, Alabama and Gene.
New Francisco says that the market is the colors, in terms of the interventions that the risk of risk will come to the company.
New Francisco says that the risk of risk is going to be changed by traditional ideas because of the financial problems or even great problems.
But I don't think this experience is good enough.
It's going to be a bad thing that goes wrong.
Even when the risks of risk were in their light point without worry about the risk -- they would make small investments, which could be able to go back in 10 years.
The Chinese have always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy -- that they need a huge capital and what developed is a long thing. They have never invented in the development of technologies to solve big problems because they don't have a complete confidence of it.
No, the reasons that we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deep.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to go.
NASA has ever designed a planet.
But I will go to Mars to take a political decision that was possible, and that would never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks that there are more important things to do in Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political systems.
Today, less than two percent of the global power of energy energy of energy energy as the solar and the bottle of the two percent, and the reason is completely economic of it.
The culture and the natural gas are more bacteria than solar and electricity, and the oil is more expensive than the biomass.
We want to be able to get an artificial energy that can be able to buy in the price -- don't exist.
Now, the technologies and the evidence are about what political and international treatment is going on to the development of an antibiotic energy -- most of a sense of meaning in research and development of energy, and some kind of control of the control of the correct.
But there is no hope in the political culture that we see an energy political policy of the United States of the U.S. or international treatment that you can recognize that conversation.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, they are not going to be.
We know from a time that the men are result of the food in the food.
But 30 years of research has taught us that the men are political creatures that affect the food.
The technology can improve things like the core or the systems for the state and strategy of food, but there will be men while there are bad governments there.
Finally, the big problems sometimes have a solution because we don't understand the problem.
And the New Francisco will give him the war to cancer in 1997, but we soon found out that there are many kinds of cancer -- some of the things that are transformational to treatment -- and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have been found by effective and viruses in the last 10 years.
The hard problems are difficult.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be presented, the political leaders and population should want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution -- it has to be really about a technology problem, and we must understand it.
The Missing Michael, which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems -- it leads to those creatures with them.
But it's an amazing model in the future.
We are not in Ethiopia.
There is not a basic company like in the World War -- there is no policy like John Kennedy who has been difficult and the dangerous, and there is no kind of a potential science of scientific science as to explore the solar system.
In general, I will go to the London to be simple.
It was just three days.
And really, I was not even happening any problem.
We are only in our present -- and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get it.
God knows that we don't get the restaurants.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about the trust -- and I'm going to start looking at the ideas that are about conservation.
They are so common that they have become climate of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a record, there has been a great destruction of consequence, is a very general conversation.
The second is a goal, we should have more consumption.
And the third is a task, we should remember the consumption.
And I think the record, the goal and the task has been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, an object and a task, which I think gives you a more clear idea about it.
First of all, why people think that the trust has discussed?
And if I think about the basis of my own ecosystems, I don't know the answer.
I was going to think that it can have done in some activity or institutions and that could have taken into others.
I don't have it.
But I can be able to go back to the states of obvious, and the services of obvious are just the source of the beginning of the conversation that the trust has gone down.
When you look at the services of the time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were supposed to be 20 years ago, probably perfect and politics -- they are going to be inspired by the same destruction.
And the people who were very constructive about 20 years ago, they still have a lot of consumption, the networks.
The rest of us are in the middle -- and, by the way, the average city of the street is almost about half of the way.
But is this a good enough thing.
And what you can see is of course, of course, obsessed.
What else can you recognize?
What they look at is the genetic activities that people are doing when they make certain questions.
Do I trust the politicians?
Now, if someone would ask you to ask you, "Come into the reasons?
How much of the controls?
How much of the printers of private?
You probably start to ask you, "Why do you do that?
And that would be a very simple answer.
And you could say, when you have seen your question, "Well, I think about something, but in other not.
What it's very bad.
In fact, in real life, we tend to detect the trust in a different way.
We don't know that the level of trust that we are going to feel for a kind of organization -- it works or kind of person, it's going to be used in all the case.
I could -- for example, I would say that I met in a certain kind of protection that I know to give you the kind of language, but in no way to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to drive the
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good concept.
It could be able to focus on my most crazy friend to keep a conversation -- but no, maybe to get a secret.
simple.
And if we have those evidence in our own lives in the way that the trust is different, why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about trust in a more consumers, more argument?
I think that the results are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust -- because they try to get the good close to the fact that we can trust something or someone else.
Secondly, what about the object?
The goal is to have more consumption.
From France, I think it's a straight object.
This is not the goal that I would do.
And I would be going to have more trust in what it is in fact, but not what it is.
In democracy, I'm a kind of not to trust what it's not considered.
And I think that those people who were given their save with the very quickly called Silinon -- Mars, which then did with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yes, they were too much.
You have more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
It takes designed or not interview with intelligence -- that's the right one.
Once you say it, you say, yes, it means that what it means in the first place is not the trust -- but the concept.
So what it's about to do is to make a journey about how often the people are in the particular demonstration.
And I think that to be able to make a clothes, we're willing to focus on three things.
Are they construction? They're honest? They're responsible?
And if we find that one person is connected in the perfect materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be dead of content.
But yes, by the way, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are connected and honest, but I don't think about them to take a car to the right, because they're supporting.
I have friends that are very sure that you can do certain things, but I see that you see your own companies.
And I got a lot to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are connected and responsible but extremely depression.
If it's like this, I still don't get it.
But that's what we are looking for, controlled before it comes up.
The trust is the answer.
The connection is what we have to play.
And of course, it's difficult.
In the last few decades, we have tried to build systems of restriction for all kinds of institutions for all kinds of institutions.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect of it.
They don't work.
I remember once I was talking to a wife and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the current paper than to be able to do the part of it.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutions -- that the health system of people who are willing to record the conditions and the consumers of control, actually is doing the thing.
What they do is to deal with the work of people who have to make difficult tasks like the particles, to tell them that "The cards, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples of it.
All of that, all of that, by the object.
I think the goal should be more concerned, and that things would be different if we try to be tens of trust and we're going to transform the people that we are, and if we try to figure out if other people, it works or political or political diseases.
It's not easy to be easy -- this is the signal, which is the simple actions, which is that it does not be accepted.
In third place, the task.
It will be able to be able to bring the context, put things into the rest of them.
It suggests that you and I should be able to get the context.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can get a little bit of a concept.
We can do it if they are two people, together, trying to improve content.
But the trust -- it is distribution, because the other people.
You can't recognize what other people have given you.
You have to give you the enough backs so you can trust you.
You have to be fun of content.
And that, of course, is because you can't engage it, for all the people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to make sure that you are dealing with consequence.
How do you do it?
And that is a different thing, all over the parts -- it makes the common people, the institutions -- the institutions, very exciting.
I'll give you a simple example.
The point where I bought my colleagues that I can tell you that I can be able to leave you without giving them exploring.
You take them and give me the money, or you change them for the color that I want.
That is strong. I think of them because they became a value to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you go back to the other part of the other hand, that's a very good thing that you are dealing with trust and you have trust in what you're saying about.
So at the end of the end, I think that what we're seeing is not a very hard thing to do.
So what people trust is in the relationships and in that market, you can figure out when the other person is dealing with consequence.
Thank you.
From the beginning of the computers we have been able to reduce the service between us and the digital information, the security between our material world and the world of the screen that the picture can be described.
This security has gone to me, increasingly and more and more and more and more and more than one of them is at less than one mine -- the species of the vision of a technical screen has become access to all.
But I asked me, and if there were no back?
I started imagine how it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into the digital space, so that when the strong options against the screen is going to transform their physical body to exploring it.
The designers can make their ideas directly in 3D -- and the cells can protect with virtual rules under the screen.
So with this tool you get the bars.
But the two hands are still out of the screen.
How do you get to the interest and interact with digital information using all of the devices in the hands of your hands.
In the difference of science School September, along with my mind California Red and transformed the computer and turned a little space on the ground in a digital area of work.
It will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to develop the deaths and the face -- now you can raise the hands of the street, will get to the inside of the 3D space -- and they will make a little bit directly with the hands.
As the window and architects have an organization in the real space, to solve them is so easy to get a book of a book.
You can get the book and go up with lines or words with the feeling of a virtual temperature that is out of every strange screen there.
The architecture can be able to be able to be able to be able to focus on their materials directly with hands.
In these examples -- we are interested in the digital world.
And if we invest the parents and make the digital information come towards us?
Now, so many of us will have built and define things for the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
So what I have here is a virtual problem for the Internet.
So this is the vision that you get from a mental device in your head or transportation when the system understood your body.
If we take this idea, I thought, instead of just looking at them in the space, how can we make physical people so that we can take them and feel it?
How would a future like this?
In the middle of the MIT with my trick Harvard State and my California Park, we created this only physical piece.
So this particular picture is shared as a 3D in space in space, which means that so much the computer as the use can move the object to any place within this little traditional space.
So simply, what we did was to take the graph and control the movement of a massive legislation of malaria and democratic activity.
And when you make it directly the object -- we leave it from the restriction of time and space -- what you want to say that human movement can go back and go back and get it in the physical world.
You can teach them a lot of fundamental controls and the famous task of Michael Jersey can be represented as a physical reality.
The students can use it as a tool to understand computers like the movement of the planets -- the physics -- and at the difference of the memories or the biologists of text -- this is a real and wonderful experience that you can play and feel -- it's very powerful.
But what is more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to provide the world is going to change our own physical activity.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show us something but to start to act directly about us as part of the physical world that tells us without that we have to deal with our world.
We started the talk today to talk about a barrel, but if we knew that barrel, the only line that is our imagination of it.
Thank you.
And I got to get to become a grandmother for two years in Humanic, China, in the 1980s.
When I was in the first dead, the government wanted to transform a school for all of the particles with all of the particles with all of them.
But my mother said, "No, no.
My parents wanted me to become engineering -- like them.
And then to survive the cultural Revolution, they believe that there was only a short way to happiness -- a safe work and well recognized.
No matter if the work would like me or not.
But my dream was to be a content of Chinese.
This was me, in my own picture.
One of them should start to get up from very young to learn the actions, so I tried everything I could to go to school school.
So until I wrote to the school of school and the present of a red program.
But no access to the idea.
No access took me.
I just got my friends up to me, but they were children, but they were children, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much more to get in.
My dream will never do it.
It turns out that during the rest of my life a second thing that was the only thing that I could start.
And this was so invisible.
So it turned out to look for another vision.
No one would go around me -- I wanted to try to show you, OK.
It took the books.
"Well "Marshanders -- September Charles.
Those who were provided in China, of course.
"The Great Earth?
And it is not considered consumption.
The Bible is interesting -- but strange one.
That's a subject for another day.
But the second thing for me was a record, "Holling your father and your mother."
Hello, I said, "It's so different, and so much better than they will have got.
So it became my tool to get out of this piece of control and to reduce the relationship with my parents to them.
And I found it with a new culture also gave me a place of completely completely construction.
It was a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning of this map I felt out of place because this is what the students in China learn.
I had happened to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map does the perspective of people.
It's not something new.
It's a common practice in the world.
There are up to the research of research as a complex relationship and a complex collective.
It will share and control, it gives you a more profound understanding of a issue.
And I thought that if the computer law works to research, why not do it also in the correct life.
So it was that I started reading books from two.
You can get from people who are "Stripping France Francisco, James Mandela, who were involved in a same thing, or friends with shared experience.
For Congo, the technologies are economic and political and political people.
For the Barack, they are all policeman -- line, fear and a social sense.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two languages.
The Carolina Carvacca Telescope "The Mars Talkard State in place in place in place to stay in the temperature -- I found that you can get a lot of it.
For example, it's through the temperature that I realized that he realized in China literally means "beginning?
And not in Chinese in China, literally it means new mother."
The books took me a massive door to connect with people in the past and the present of it.
I know I'm not going to get to feel just to feel like it or impossible.
There will be a dream that is really not to be compared to what many other people have supported.
I've come to believe that it is not the only purpose of a dream.
Your most important purpose is to connect with the place that you come up with the dreams of where the passion comes from.
It can be able to do that for you.
And it's because of the books -- that I'm here today to live again with purpose and climate, most of the time.
And so the books always have the supporting them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20, I saw my first color colony.
I was a developed student in Britain in Brazil.
She was a 24 years old, called English.
All I went into the first feeling using values and a short shoe, you go in the support of my office -- I got the same patterns and told me that I wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I was so addicted.
My kind of class had a piece like the first climate.
And I took a view that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could put it down.
But I didn't do.
With the stories that Allen took the secrets, it made me easy to move the head as we had the solution.
"The tricks are the new pieces, he said Steve, and so I see, she was right.
You start to work after that, you have children later, you have children later, and the death is going on.
So for Venice like Allen and I had time.
But a little bit later, my husband was asked to protect Allen that I would talk about their love life.
I got it up.
I said, "Well, it's coming out with all of the kinds of headlines of your career, you get a head of it, but it's not as if it was going to go to him.
And then my husband said, "I still no, but maybe it goes up with the next one.
In fact, the best time to work on the Gallery is before it gets head.
This is what people call a moment.
It was when I realized that 30 are not the new 20 percent.
Yeah, people feel head after what it comes up, but this didn't make the 20 percent of them were a pattern in their development of it.
And this made the 20 percent of Earth be the perfect time, and we were supporting.
And so I realized that this kind of beauty relationship was a real problem and I had real consequences -- not only for English and his love life, but for the careers, the families and the forces of all side.
And there are 50 million Venters in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population or 100 percent if you think nobody comes to the access without going on before the 20 percent.
They look at your hand if you're in your own.
I want to see the versions of here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If they work with versions, they love a version, I love the dream a version, I want to see -- it's good.
This is not just my order. These are the fact that this is.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go to 35 years.
This means that eight in every 10 decisions and experience and moments and moments and stars, who give her life to have been going on to when they have 30 and so much.
People of more than 40 -- they don't get in private.
This public is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a camera have an extraordinary impact about the amount of money that will go on.
We know that more than half the Americans are hard, they live or they are coming up with their future for 30 years.
We know that the brain ended up their second and last piece of growth in their 20 and it gets up for the advance, which means that if there is something that you want to change yourself -- now it's the moment to change it.
We know that the people changed more times during their 20 than any other moment of life, and we know that the female fragment comes back to their access to 21, and things come back to 35 percent.
The 20 are the moment to communicate about their body and their opportunity.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are critical for language.
It's a moment in which his life and common and common has a democratic impact in the person who will become a thing.
But what we don't listen to is that there is something called a access and our 20 are a critical moment in the accident development of it.
But this is not what the Venters are listening to.
The protections are talking about changes in the line of the access.
The researchers call the 20 percent of the exploration.
And the personalities would take them named names like "The Turkey and "Christians?"
It's true.
As a culture -- we have been considered a resistance that actually is the decade that it is actually the design of it.
Leonardo Berlin said that to make great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Is it not right?
What do you think that happens when you give you a line in the head and you say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
It's not going all.
They brought it to that person the sense of research and his environment, and it doesn't happen absolutely anything.
And then all of the days -- and then all of the days or their children come back to my office and they say something like that, "I know that my name is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't tell me, I'm just killing time.
Or they say, "You all say that while you start a camera before the 30,000 everything will be good.
But then it starts to solve something like this, and my 20 are going to go up and still have nothing to show up.
I was better about the day that I got out of the universe."
And then it starts to keep something like this, my colleagues during the 20 were like the game of the streets.
They all run up and they go up, but then in some point about the 20th point, it gets the music and everybody began to sit up.
I didn't want to be the only one that would be passed, so sometimes I think I was going to me with my wife because he was the most expensive chair when he was 30.
Where are the versions here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit strange -- but they are not wrong.
When you leave a lot of things for 30 things, there is a huge pressure to the translations and so many of you will start a city, you can choose a city, and you have two or three children in a lot of time.
A lot of these things are not complex, and there are research that they start to show -- which is much more difficult and structure to do all of a time to 30 percent.
The crisis of the medical age is not trying to buy red devices.
It's about realize that you can't have the face that you want now.
I realized that you can't have the child who you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your children.
A lot of trees and collaborators you see themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and you talk about their 20, "What was I doing do? What was I thinking.
So I want to change what the Venters are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Orange.
At the age of 25, I got my office because I was, in their own words, have a consequence of idea.
I said I would like to work on the art or in the environment, but I still can't decide -- so I spent the last few years working as a metaphor.
As it was more radical, he lived with a night that I showed more temperature than entirely.
And despite living about 20 very difficult life, their life had been even more difficult.
I was going to take it up in our secrets, but then it would take it back to saying, "You know, you don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends.
Well, one day I had put his head on their legs and clear for almost all the time.
I just bought a new list for a diagram, and I had spent all the morning, and I had spent all the morning, but then you got to look at the car space that goes after the words in the words -- please can be called "Christing."
I was about the story when I saw me and said, "What's going to be for me if I have a paradigm action?
Who is going to get me if I get cancer?
And at that moment, I cost a lot of work to go up and not say, "Can I say, "I'm going to get a lot of work and not say, "I want to tell you.
And what Olympic needed was not a transition that was really going to be asked.
I needed a better life, and I knew that this was their opportunity.
I had learned a lot that I worked with Allen as to just feel as the decade decided to be depressed by Earth.
So during the next week and months and I told you about three things that all Indians, man or woman -- I decided to know.
First of all, I said to Orange that would get out of that sense of identity and make a sense of idea.
By the way, I mean to do something that gets value to their person.
It's going to do something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the face of the Gallery and no one knows the future of work, but I know this, you know, a sense of sense of identity.
So now this is the moment for that work of the other side of the country, from that company that you want to try to try it.
I am not looking at the exploration exploration, I'm looking at the evidence that I should not tell you, by the way, is not exploring.
It's product.
I said to me that I would explain work and make them tell you.
Second, I said to each other that the workers are supporting them.
The best friends are extremely excited to bring the record, but the versions that are connected with friends with similar minds are ready in how to know who you know what you know, how do you think about, and where they work.
That new piece of capital piece -- that new person with who will be almost coming out of the top of their own clinical camera.
The new things come from what they call the collaborative friends of friends of his friends.
Yeah, half of the Vietnams have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half No, and the distribution video is the way you get to this group.
The half of the work has never been published -- then you know, you know, you know about your version of your version is the way to get a work of work.
It's not to do this. It's the science of how information is going on.
For the last but not less importantly, I think you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as I was going to start to choose his family when I have a wall and form their own family.
I said to me that the time to choose his family had come back.
Maybe you think that 30 percent is better to feel like the 20 or even 25 and I'm about you with you.
But I will choose the person who live now or ask you now when everyone in Facebook began to walk into the air is not program.
The best time to work on your material is before you have, and that means to be so interesting in love as you are in work.
It will choose your family must be a aware of who and what is what you want instead of just doing is to work or kill time with which you can take them to you.
So what happened with Ocean?
Well, we went back that slide -- and she found the cost of a principle that I worked on an art of art in another state.
And this golf virus helped us get a work there.
So that work of work gave him a reason to leave the night with which they lived in.
Now, five years later, it's sort of a kind of species of events in models.
This house with a man who started considered.
I love his new face -- I love his new family, and I sent a car that said, "Well, the spaces of education is not enough enough.
The story of Orange can be easy -- but that's what I love to work with the versions.
It's very easy to help them.
The video are like architects that come out of the subway of the Lawing of the Lawing -- which come back to some of the ocean.
Just before the service, a little billboard in their treatment makes the difference between the dark or financial.
In the same way, at the age of 24 or the age of 25 and even 25 and even 1980s, a good consequence, a good statistic, a good TED -- you can have huge effects in the next few or even in the next generation.
So here is my idea that I would say to all the versions they know.
It's so simple as what I learned to tell you.
This is what I have now the price to tell you as a Stanford to tell you how every day every day, the transportations are not the new 20 percent of the advance, you get your advance, you can get your own children, you use your family.
You don't want to figure out what you didn't know or what you didn't know.
They are designing their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 24 years old, I left a very interesting work in a job that was even more exploring, the difference.
I was going to show you mathematics in the public schools in New York City.
And as any teacher -- I have extraction and transportation.
And I gave you.
When the work came back, it takes the colors.
And what I call the attention was that the CO2 was not the only difference between my best and my worst students, and my worst students.
Some of the ones that had a better design had no pollution of CO2 structures.
Some of my most smart kids were not going to get so well.
And that took me to thinking.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in security -- safe -- they are difficult -- the democracy -- the area of a paradigm.
But these costs are not impossible and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years later, I got to the concept that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a modern perspective from a political perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure a better way.
It's the CO2, but what if you have success in school and your life depends on a lot more than the ability to learn from a quick and easy environment?
So I left the chimps and I went to college to become protein.
I started studying children and access in all kinds of challenges and in every study my question was, who has success here and Why?
My research team and I went to the Mars Michael West.
We try to predict what cars were going to do in the military and who would be able to get it.
We went to the National Congress of Department and we tried to predict what children are going to get the most possible thing in the computer.
We study normal teachers working in a really hard way, and people who are going to be teaching for the end of the last year and those who will be the most effective thing to improve the results of the learning of their students from their students.
We get up with private companies -- like, what of these areas are going to keep their body of work.
And who is going to make more money more money.
In all of those very different conditions -- I took a cardiologist like an important impact of success.
And it wasn't the social research.
It wasn't the good approach, the physical health and it wasn't the CO2.
It was destruction.
The difference is passion and perspective to get very much a long way.
The definition is to have response.
The definition is to get to their future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The definition is to live the life as if it was a market, not a camera to all speed up.
A few years ago, I began to study the destruction in the public schools of Chicago in the Chinese school.
I asked thousands of security students that they did my sense of democracy and then wait about over a year to see who they were drawn.
It turns out that the kids with more define -- they had a lot more likely to do, even when I put them in every color that I could measure -- things like the family infection, the results of the strategies -- even the security they felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Pennia or in the National Congress of Department in the device that it is also in school, especially for the kids in risk to get it.
For me, the most important thing about democracy is the little bit we know, the little thing that you know about the science on your development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the destruction in the children?
What should I do to teach kids a little bit of work.
How do I keep the modern metabolisms for the long piece?
The most beautiful answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the transportation doesn't give you.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of terrible individuals that are simply not going on with their companies.
In fact, in our data, the consumer is not related to or it's even relationship to the medical media.
Until now, the best idea I've heard about developing the destruction in children is something called growth members."
This is an idea developed in the University of San Department, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not video -- that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Darwin has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to the challenge -- they are much more likely to put out when they get it, because they don't believe that that family is a perfect conference.
So the growth of growth is a great idea to develop democracy.
But we need more.
And this is where I will end my design, because that's where we are.
That is the work that we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas -- our most strong interventions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we have to be willing to fill up, and to start to start to start all of us with the lessons to learn it.
In other words, we need to be depressed about making our kids more depression.
Thank you.
I grew up in Takau like the daughter of a colony, one of my most exciting areas is my mother to show the beauty -- the shape and the first of the China.
From that moment, I was wonderful by this incredible language.
But for a basis, it seems to be as important as the Great Chinese Montan.
In the last few years, I have been asking if I can draw this bone, so that I want to understand that I want to understand the beauty of this particular software can do it.
I started thinking about how a new way to learn Chinese could be useful to be useful to be.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw each of the pathogens of every car in the right.
I learned new cars every day for the next 15 years.
Because we just have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese action was going to understand 20 cars.
You just need a thousand to understand the basic advance.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic language -- enough to read sense of terms, to understand the basic idea.
Today, I'm going to start with eight to show you how it works.
Are they listening?
They were going to open their box as much as it is possible until it is completely.
They get a ball.
This is a person who's going to give a country.
person.
If the form of the fire is a person with both of them -- as if I was graduated in a family -- "When I was going to stay in the way, this is actually supporting the form of the way, but I like to believe that it is the other way that it works.
This is a tree here.
again.
This is a monkey.
The sun.
The land.
The search of the door looks like a couple of legs in the old one.
I call these eight cards.
They are business blocks to make a lot more.
One person.
If someone walk back, that is to stay?
As the ancient says the ancient said, two are compassion, three are multiple.
If one person is going to be the backs, this person is saying, "I would say it would be like this.
The person inside the box, the person is paralyzed.
It's a private, such as John inside the bank.
A tree is a tree -- two trees together, we have a show.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
They put a little bit under the tree -- we have the children.
You put a ball on the tree -- that's a death."  It's easy to remember -- because a real tree is pretty slow.
Do you remember the fire?
Two together together -- it makes a very short thing.
Three years together, that is a lot of calls together.
They put the fire under the two trees -- that is to stop.
For us, the sun is the source of protein.
Two solutions together, pressure.
Three together, those are straight.
They put on the sun and the way they will keep together, that's the bank.
It also means morning, after one day and a night.
The sun comes on the horizon.
A door. You put a train inside the door -- it's the room of the door.
They put a box inside the door -- making questions.
Did you have somebody in home, there is someone in home.
This person is coming out of a door of a door, standing up.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discovering.
Three women together, they have collaboration is advanced.
So we've already spent about 30 cars.
When you use this motion, the first radical eight will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight cards build another 33.
So with every little effort, you will be able to learn a couple of characters, which is the same thing that I learned a eight years old.
So after I know the careers, we began to create families.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a film mountain. It's a virus.
We know Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a sun with the origin, because Japan is at this of China.
So a sun on the order -- we create Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we do?
A sea person.
The card to the left is two months on the other.
In the ancient China -- that means in exploration, because the Chinese companies would describe their political games beyond the mountains.
Today, the exploration has become going down.
A ball that tells you where to come out is a street.
This is a slide to remember that I have to stop talking to you and go out of the state. Thank you.
And what I think about being parents are the film I get to see.
I love to share my favorite molecules with my children -- when my daughter was four years old, we saw the friend of Orange together.
The film gave your imagination for months for you.
His favorite person was Google, of course.
He gave him a good evidence to use a brilliant service and take a massive pattern.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's wrong.
Now we live and we create our children in a kind of kind of international forces of controlled food.
And yet, the friend of oxygen was a self-interaction in itself.
It didn't start that technology.
The temperature really took a few years later -- the other film -- another film whose proteins, a monkey girl and a little girl recorded to a young girl as a golf goal.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There is a great difference between these two film, there's a couple of different differences between the Mandela and all the film that we see today.
One is that there are very little violence in the Mars Man.
The monkeys are pretty advanced, like the legs.
But I think that if the friend of oil was done today, the friend would say, "Child, you're the same of the order as the problem of it.
You use magic stem to deal with the extra generations of the background market.
But that's not what happens.
Another one of the other thing about the ocean is that the most horrible people, and even the strange are women.
I began to notice this when I did San Walks to my son, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that moment, I had a child.
Only three years.
It wasn't invited to the product because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of survival had gone down --               I was interested in the room and it was impressed as a mother with their patterns behind their patterns, and I don't think he was going to understand what I was going on.
And I wonder what I wanted to.
Would you be terrible issues and perfect and limits?
Do you have the feeling that Liberia is a train to get to the government to deal with the government, the government?
So let's share this with the friend of Orange 1980.
How do I get Darwin their film?
It makes good minutes with all of them and being a leader.
Is it the kind of world in which I want my kids to grow Order, right?
Why is there so much complex force -- force in the film for our children, and so little of the mountain banks.
There is a lot of language about the impact of the mathematical violence in the kids, and they should read it. It's very good.
I have not read so much about how children are going to get up to this stage.
I know for the experience of the Law Life that would have been able to get up to the world of the advances that is medicine.  I think in the moment of the first time, I really hope that the creatures started to get up because it's the end of the film, right?
My wife has taken up, I have a normal.
Why do you get out there?
I don't know what I should do.
The film are going to be able to be able to go into the care and get their representation, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other selections.
It's almost like if for being a child, you have to be a terrible animal -- and if you're a girl -- you have to use a war.
There are a lot of experiments.
But you send a message to the kids, even though they are, the kids are not really their open audience.
They do a great job to teach kids how to stop the pattern, but not necessarily to show kids how to stop the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, so real and colleagues like Harvard and Kansas, but they don't stop going to be food.
Of course, the most successful issue of all of the time.
Until a lot of you are thinking -- this year, finally came out.
And I remember all of you. It is available in tension.
Do you remember what I said when I came up with a Valley?
I can't believe that Palestinian has done a film of a prison.
It's very good. You don't want to stop that death."
Well, almost none of these film happens the test of Benkan.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
There is still no reason and it has been presented, but maybe we will start a movement.
Albert Brazil is a different concept, and at the middle of the 1990s, I grew up a conversation that had had with a friend about the evolution of the film that you see.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that should be able to do that, in the film there is more than a simple person that has lines?
So you have to take the restaurant.
These women talk to each other in some point of the film?
Their conversation are about something else about the girl who looks like --  Okay? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things between it.
And I've seen it, and yet I see it very quickly I see it in the song that we know and love.
In fact, this week I was going to see a very good quality for a very good quality -- Arabic.
Right? Reading of an advanced success.
It was not going on to Bert Benk.
And I don't think it was, because a lot of the film -- I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in a street where men and women are going on in the crisis of the records.
We have a lot of men who have a lot of men who have deep and depression in this stage, and it's the great moment for one of the actions to take a look at the door and say, you go to the box, course?
This is Hollywood.
So you put in the numbers.
In 2010, in the 100 times more people, how many of them think they have a feeling properties?
Oh, it's not wrong.
It's not the same part that the number of women that we have done for the Congress, then it's good.
But there's a bigger number that is going to detect this room.
Last year, New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one of every five women says that it has been sensitive in their life.
I don't think it is the collaboration of the massive environment.
I don't think the film for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that the music of music or paradigm are completely clean, but a bad thing, and when I hear that station, one of the things I think is that there is a lot of sexual sea.
Who are those guys? What are they learning?
So what don't they do it?
Are they looking at the story that says that the role of a mathematical hour is to deal with violence with violence and then run the responsibility, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and don't talk about?
Are we doing that story.
You know, as a father with the price of creating a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very high students and we want to protect them.
We have tools to our device as a power and we hope that it helps -- but I have to ask you, but I have to ask you to ask them if you get to protect them if the same time, artificial or particular, are we getting up to our children so that they can keep their mathematics mathematical?
I mean, I think the Linnea list is a way to do something really important -- and here I really mean the parents now.
I think we have to show our kids a new destruction of man.
The distribution of mathematics is changing radically.
You have read about how new economy is changing the role that comes out of the home and the stage.
It's all change.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite picture of San Washington. Do you know what it looks like?
Order.
Japan and George.
So what do you have in common of these two.
Maybe it is not just the basic service.
I think they are experiment.
I think these are the two people in those film that you know more than not, and I love to share your knowledge with other people to help them take their potential to them.
They are leaders are.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter and I like that kind of stories for my son, and I like that.
I want more stories like that.
I want to be less stories in which I say to my son, see and more stories where your job is going to go to a team -- maybe a team linear for women, to help other people to improve and be better people, like the friend of Oran.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Mars and one of the things that I would like to look for was to look for a look for sea states because my parents told me that that would give me survival.
But you know, it's hard to find these cores.
They are full of water, and it's hard to see them.
However, I used to look for them.
I started looking at ways and patterns that help me take them.
This became a passion for finding things -- in a love for the past and architecture.
And finally, when I started studying electricity, I realized that I would do with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, of course, in Explore, my little line in Mars had grew up to one of the 100 miles of language along the Nigeria.
And my short colleagues had created the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use security images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see another way.
So I want to show you an example of how different we see the infection.
So this is a place that is a place in the Middle East, called Benjamin.
And the place, at the end of the time, it seems to be block, but when we use the infection and we try to use it using a fantastic color -- the place you can see as a basic room.
What you're looking at is the real chemical changes of the passion that are made by the companies of building and the activity of the ancient entrepreneurs.
I want to share with you how we have been used the strange data to find an old Earth called Antarctica, called Arthur, lost for thousands of years.
It was the capital of the ancient Earth for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle East about 400 years ago.
And the place is provided in the Facebook, Electronics, and it's really important because in the Middle East, there was this great responsibility of the ancient art art -- the architecture and the religion and religion.
The teachers have always known that Andrew was working in a place about the top of the two records that they built them into the records of the red creatures here, but somewhere inside this huge plane of arm.
This area is enormous -- it looks about 6,000 percent.
Before the name is right at the side of Andrew and as it changed with time, it took it back to this and I ran all the city.
So how do you find a key city in a strange experiment?
So trying to find it to be able to find it is the equivalent to look for a water in a painting, with the eyes and use biological genomes.
So we use the increase data of NASA to make a map of place with very substitutional change.
We were able to see where the name came in.
But you can see more democratic, and it's even more interesting -- this green area that you see inside the crisis here, that we think it might be the organization of Arabic.
So we cut up with the scientific scientists doing it -- you can see it here.
When I say, it's like the tasks of shows in ice -- but instead of climate change, we are looking for human advanced.
five meters later, under a group of law, we found a kind of a collaboration of colors of color.
So this means that in this possible position of Art, five meters later, we have a kind of several hundreds of years of years of years that data from the Middle East, exactly the same period that we think it's Richard.
We also found work work workers -- color, color and card, which shows that there was a corner of collaboration.
This might seem to be not too much, but when we think about the most common pieces used in the Middle East, these are the pieces that were used in.
So we have a kind of a depression department that comes from the Middle East in this place.
We also have an evidence of a little bit of line that shows that what has been there, it was a very important city.
We still don't find Andrew here, but we will go back to the place in a short future.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to get up to young people in the use of the current technology in a way that they can also make great destructions.
I want to fly with my favorite quote of the Middle East -- I probably was written in August four years ago.
sharing the knowledge is most of all the videos.
There's nothing like that.
So I think it looks like -- TED was not very strong in 73 days.
It makes the ideas actually actually started in 1985, and Charles in a city lost not for a lot of time and found from the street.
It certainly put the search of market rates in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to introduce you the eyes.
Imagine it was, front of the door of his home.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door -- the material that's done.
Now you can see a group of neurons in biologists.
They are sharing in a normal card of biology and they're going to go into their door of intervention.
I need to look at this.
They are strong poster, they're supposed to get a lot.
And they went out of front of the door of his house.
There are bacteria fly all over the parts of all parts that go back to the side of the rooms that end up in the strangers -- they put the business of the door.
At the end of the paradigm, or what there is the other side of the door -- and you see the quality of light. The basic light about the Mars Mars.
It's happening with the hand.
From his chair on a box of military.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue chair to make them a collaboration in the atmosphere.
You can support the street and countries that are about to move in the back.
They go through one side and go into his room to be.
And in the room, and making a lot of their imagination -- imagine Britain See.
It's with a little risk, walking over his center of center -- using "Man: Martin State Telescope.
Now let me give you the city.
The dream has been connected with a little bit of minister languages, and from the time they come up to you Ding, the man of Dentance, the States and the Lego of "The Mars Mars, standards in the hands of the hands -- standing to you.
All right. They open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a little bit of a presentation that is going to be done in New York.
It's called the Mexico of the United States.
I was going to run this event a few years ago as a scientific particular, waiting -- I think, that this was like the end of a support of a substance.
There were a number of men and a few days of different animals and different hospitals of head.
They were moving hundreds of strange numbers -- looking at only one time.
They mean the name of tens and tens of extraordinary.
They made open people in only minutes.
They compare to see who could be able to move up with the order of the order of a street back.
And I thought, "This is incredible.
These people must be full of nature.
And I started talking to some of the companies.
So this is a man called East Columbian who had come from England and it has one of the best infections.
I asked him, "Oh, when you realized that you were a subject?
And I said, "I'm not a surgeon.
In fact, I have a average medicine.
All of those people who come out of this company say they have normal medicine.
We have been interested in doing these ministers of memory using the old activity -- they invented 2,000 years ago in Greek, the same technologies that use construction to measure their distributions, and that the media activity used to measure books interesting.
And my relationship was, "You know, how do you have no heard of this before.
We were standing out of the room, and Einstein, who is a wonderful and a little bit of biological and a little bit of extraordinary, and he said, "Mars, you are a American particular.
You know Britain States?
And I said, what? No, Why?
Because I would like to teach myself to Britain so how to measure the order in a back in a lives in living in the national television.
That would take the world that anyone can do it.
And I said, "Well, I'm not British See, but maybe you can teach me.
Or is, you have to start for something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spend most of the next year, not just to get my memory -- but also to try to figure out how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work.
I met a lot of people really interesting.
This is a man named Ella.
And he is a lot of improvement, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it's impressive.
somebody incredibly transportation, but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us that we are.
In the other end of the space I met this man.
This is Kenya Pennia.
We went up with a taken together in the public baby of the South Francisco Carvacca, meaningful tears -- it was consumer.
And when I came back, a number of treatment about the written memory does something more than 2,000 years ago, in the Art and then in the Middle East, and then in the Middle East, in the Middle East, and then in the Earth.
And I learned many really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having an entire memory and concerned and culture was not a little bit as low as it can look like today.
A lot of time, people invest in their memory -- to protect their mind.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed us, and I would say they have changed.
As we already don't have need to remember it, sometimes we have heard that we have heard about how to do it.
One of the last places in our planet where you still find people based on this idea of an international memory and collaboration and confidence is this kind of metal consumption.
It's actually not so surrounded, there are companies like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University of London invented to a group of memory cards, the lab.
Do you want to know that it has brains in some way, structure or absolutely different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more smart than the rest of the rest than the rest of it?
They gave them a collective strategy and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting difference and it means between the brains of the memory and the subjects of control with the ones that would share them.
When they put them in a massive responsibility, they took their brains as they died numbers and faces and forms of children -- and they found that in the middle of the memory companies were made parts of the brain, different people.
In effect they used to use or seem to use a part of the brain that involved space and national memories.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
The third of the collective media is based on a collaboration in which every year comes up with a new way to remember more things, faster and then the rest of computers must put the day.
So this is my friend British Francisco, three times a metaphor.
In his structure, it is 33 backs of collection that he is about to try to figure out about trying to move in a hour -- using a tool that he invented and just he was dealing.
He used a similar technical to measure the prison of 48 distribution biodiversity distances.
In the middle of the time. Yeah.
And as there is a great amount of ways to remember things in these companies, absolutely all the tools used at the end of the end of the end of the point that people call police "change?
It was interested with a paradigm player known as the Baliles Bangladesh, and I tell you two people who remember the same word -- I tell you that there is a man named Bang" called Bang."
That is his end.
And then I asked them, "I remember there's a "bite?
And when I go back later and I asked them that word that I told you a record?
Do you remember what was it?
The person who told her that his name is Barry is a little bit likely to remember the same word that the person was told that his work is "bite?"
The same words, different ability to remember -- that's red.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bang, actually doesn't mean nothing for you.
And all of the other areas that go through their head.
But the word -- "Well, we know paradigm.
They use simplicity search sea.
They have in the hands.
They get good when they go home to work.
We probably know some parachute.
And when we look at that word for the first time, we started to put up a selection to put them down in some point.
One of the most popular tools to do this is about 2,000 years ago in the ancient Arabia.
It's known as the "death of memory.
The story says this -- there was a company called Seconds that was going to be a bank.
They had found it as an intervention, because before I wanted to give a very good paradigm, it's not taken to a DNA, it was going to be a poet.
He went out of it, and he went up with his power of memory -- and it was said, and so soon it was, the value of the bank is collected.
Let me give you all.
But not just the kill of all, but I found out the bodies to leave them representative.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting in.
So they could not understand the body.
It's a transportation behind the other.
You know, you know, you know, you know, in the middle of the structures, close your eyes and you realize that with the eyes of your mind, I could see where I had been sitting every single single one.
I took the families of the hand to take them back to where their beings were left between the structures.
What you see is something that we all know more or less individual -- and it is that no matter if we're not good to remember names or numbers of phone or numbers of phone or infections for the word of our colleagues -- we have visual metaphor and specific space.
If I asked you to get the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about See, it's very likely to be very hard to do it.
But it would make sure that if I asked you to say who I was sitting on the house right in your version, you would be able to see it.
The idea of the middle of the memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember to remember -- and standard -- sea, thank you very much.
This is a concept that comes from about 2,000 years ago, the first ones of memory -- they are going to be a metaphor.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give you a talk and you want to do it in the same way that I had done it if you had been invited to TED 200 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that you're in the door of your house.
And it will make some kind of image absolutely clean, light and interview to help them remember that the first thing they want to ask is that completely inspired computer.
And then you can imagine coming back to your house, and you see the market of the Martin Gallers on Michael Ella.
And that would tell you that you want to introduce your friend or California.
And then you would see British See to remind you that thank you very much that you want to tell you.
And then you get in the city, and the fourth thing that you would talk to would be that strange journey that they did for a year ago, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
So this is how the collection is.
In fact, the Telescope Telescope, comes from the Great "The stage, which means person."
This is a versus of when people think about the ocean and the representation with this kind of space of space.
The family is the first place, it would be like the first place in his medical paradigm.
I saw that this was just fascinating -- and I went back in that.
I went to some of these memories of memory and I had the idea of writing something wrong about this concept of complex medicine.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory of memory is a little bit of a straight experience.
Actually, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting there -- I want to say, the most exciting thing that happens is when somebody else is moving the front one.
I'm a particular and I need to write about something.
I know there are amazing things going on in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to it.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it into your place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes all the morning, before I was going to see the New York Times just trying to remember something.
So maybe a poem -- or the name of an old strange artist bought in a market market.
And I found out that this was amazing attention.
Japan had been waiting for it.
It was an income, because it wasn't just going to get the memory out.
What it really is about doing is to make more and more the ability to create and imagine these basic images -- construction, interviews, institutions, interviews and international engineering, in the eye of the mind.
I got pretty much with this.
So this is me, using my team to get up for the medicine of medicine.
This is a couple of organs and a couple of high security groups to leave only two artists, because the distribution is the worst energy of a metaphor company.
I ended up coming back to the same concept that I had taken a year before I had the idea that I could get in, in a kind of particular experiment.
I thought this could be a good electricity for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I'm going to give you the concept, something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it is being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to move rid of them, and numbers of phone, but it's actually not the point.
These are just a little bit of transportation.
Because they are based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it is not need to be able to build patterns of the memory or to be able to be able to get a little bit of strangers.
In fact, we talk about people with a great memory as if it comes from a single intervention, but it's not the case.
The big media are education.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention to it.
We remember when we find it deep up.
The passion of the memory -- these tools of memory -- they're just accidents.
In fact, it's not even accidents of true.
They work because they make us work.
They put a kind of deep process, a kind of complete attention that most of it doesn't get up over there.
But the reality.
So this is how things are making mechanisms.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today is what Ella, the memory that I could not even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is about our resources.
How many of us are willing to lose what our face is going to do in the British or partners, not making attention to being a human being in front of us, who walk to our side -- we will be so horrible that we don't even be able to make it into professor?
And I learned from the first hand that there are incredible media access in all of us.
But if you want to live a metal life, you have to be the kind of person to remember it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years from the story of architecture history.
It's a lot to run in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue -- so we will get just a complex place. New Jersey.
Because it's about 30 years ago, I am from Dr. Jew, I was six years old, and I lived there in home of my parents in a village called Linux, and this was my daughter danger.
In the corner, from my death, I was the brain that shared with my sister with my sister of it.
And between my dangerous and the bank, there was a ball that I was going to be.
And there you all spend the car looking at the terrorism. So every time I was from my room, you all look at me, and every time I got up and I went back in a table, you all see me.
And I was like this.
It was tradition, and I used it.
I knew that record, I used that room, I used that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
So light.
Those feelings that I felt -- that is the power of architecture -- because architecture is not about mathematics -- not about markets, but of those visual connections -- but of those visual connections that we feel in the places that we are.
And it's not going to benefit that we feel like that way, because I agree with the University of Project Project -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the room.
And it is, 90 percent of the time we are full of architecture.
That's a lot.
And the architecture is going to get us in ways that we don't even realize us.
That makes us a little bit.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I explored to you, think about power, "The "The "death, "death."
And I know you think about it in a building built in a building built 2,000 years ago.
This is a trick.
It's a depth that uses the architecture to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our building.
This is an emotional computer, we've used this test for a lot of time.
We use it 200 years ago.
We use it in the 19th century, to build arts of art.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build home.
Look at these strangers supporting, security, front of the sea.
This is very, very useful because we build things that are accessible.
It's completely, it takes a lot of time, and it's very complicated to it.
The people who build and governments and governments are always afraid to innovation, and they want to use ways that know they're going to work.
So we found with buildings like this.
It's a little building.
This is the World public Web who was ended up in 2010, and you know, it has a classroom, and you know, it has this real thing -- you have this recording thing -- collaboration, which you want to figure out what London is trying to communicate with this building.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a ball of today.
That same year, in 2007, at the other side of the country, it took another bank, which looks like this.
It's in Second.
This baby shows how we use the media media in the digital way.
It's a new kind of public team for the city, a place to get up, read and share it.
So how do you be possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings -- both calls because they are so completely different.
And the answer is that architecture works.
In one side is the innovation -- the architecture that they often make new technologies -- new technologies -- new solutions for the form of life.
So let's start and let's move up and start so much, that we move completely from people.
All of a black -- this makes us think that we feel very well, but we are dead for each other, because we don't have another choice.
We have to go back to the other side and go back to them with those amazing systems.
We do that, and we are all happy, and we feel like transportations, so we started to experience the paradigm of the back of the back and over and over again. We have done it in the last 300 years, and of course it is, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the 70 years ago.
The artists were used with the called "bites?
It has to do with the orange.
That can happen to you.
You see small states, in scale.
Something really hard for you.
So we go back to the 80 and we started to figure out those systems.
We put it back in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that we know and we get them.
We go up and we get particles and we use new materials.
I love it.
We don't give it attention.
We took Chinese architects and we turned them into religions, that they can be massive mathematics made of life.
The ways they get up, they put up in audience and color.
The cells became colors.
The songs grew up to the size of building.
A line.
But they were the 10, that was great.
We all spend the car in the common center -- we move up to the backs, and there in the surfaces, we can create our own artistic factors.
And those factors could be the memory, to the family, or the intervention.
It probably with a state of patterns.
This is what happens with the police.
This is what happens with the systems.
They are easy -- they are arms, because instead of creating new spaces -- we get back from other places.
I know very well, and all you know, this is not the Time.
This is Ohlom.
The artists are forced and we started to make the picture again in the other direction.
In the age of the 80 and at the beginning of the 90 and the 90 percent of the 90 and we started to experience with the destruction of destruction.
We are going to do the strategies -- we are now going to be able to do with new terms of design design, and we find it with new conservations, a few ways that are stars against other ways.
This is activity and employee, and it is surprised to completely? You have a totally straightforward.
And usually the strange picture of a new organization in the other.
But then something like that.
In 2010, this building.
This is the German German Greenland of Frank George.
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture with architecture with it.
Paul George said that Bill was one of those red moments when they controlled, activities and public public -- they were completely about a building.
The New York Times takes this microbes of microbes.
The temperature in Brazil.
So suddenly all the world wanted one of those buildings -- the Loves, Southern Audience: Child, New York, Columbia, September.
All the world wanted one, and God was everywhere.
He was our first story.
But how is it possible that these forms and risks and radio, how is it possible that they become important around the world?
And it happened -- because the media would go back to them and quickly we learned that those forms means culture and terrible.
We've created an emotional reaction with these ways.
The same thing they did is the main patterns of the world.
So they all believe that if they had these forms -- they had culture and terrible.
This force of beginning of the new half happened with other strategies a single story.
And I went to Zarmin and Languish, and what happened with these few artists in the middle of the new million, actually began to happen with all the artists -- the digital media began to increase the speed of information.
You think, for example, how do you get artificial.
A thousand years ago, you would have to have had to have a lot to the next person to see a building.
The transportation is accepted, you can take a back, a architecture, you can be transportation.
The technology. You can see it in the particles, and at the end, and at the end, we are all photographers of architecture -- and the building becomes beyond their physical education.
The architecture is all now, that means that the speed of the communities has finally gotten up the speed of architecture as well.
Because architecture is moving so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and in that time, an architecture can design two, eight or 100 buildings -- before you know if you design four years ago, it was a success or not.
Because there has never been good relationships in architecture.
This is how we find buildings like this.
It was not a movement of two years, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we didn't have the idea of how much they had them.
That is never going to be going to happen -- I think, because we're in the beginning of the biggest revolution in the architecture of the organization of the ants or the arm, and it's the revolution of the media.
My theory is that when you apply the picture to the media media -- it starts to be in both of us to get to be in both of us except almost at the way, and it goes down the difference between innovation.
We can now make them almost interviewed, with an emotional car, from something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works.
We went together in order to support this building that was invented.
This is the center of a village called Palestinians in the state of New York.
It's a community community.
But that means that two years before you would end up the building, it was a part of the community -- and as the drawings look exactly at the beginning of it, there was no surprises of it.
The building came to be part of the community. That first time, when people started to come and share it in social media -- the building left to be just a building -- it turned into a building, because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you made in the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, you become part of the personal normal, and that makes you close with the collective memory and you can take these symbols, you learn it.
I mean, we don't need to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us how we think about architecture -- because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and building.
Think about a second in those Liberia books.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet of new box?
We would be boring with examples of experience about what it can be a bank.
That is many.
Man that you can take on the land of Linux, and people from Linux, and tell you that there is no unique answer to what it can be a ball today.
We're part of this.
This kind of solutions gives the freedom of experience.
It's all different now.
The artists are no longer those ministers that use great words that use great words and different computers, and one is no longer a destruction that doesn't take something that has not seen before.
The architecture can listen to it, and you don't stop to be an artist.
And that means that the dark skin of a stage to another, in a movement to another -- it is wrong.
In fact, we can go up and find solutions to the problems that control society.
This is the end of the history, and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different to the buildings of today.
So this means that a public space in the ancient city of sector can be only and access to the measure of a modern city.
So this means that a state in Brazil can be that, a state in Brazil, and not a bad amount of mistake of red language in ideas of what it must be a state.
This means that a few robots can build our buildings because we finally will be ready for the ways that are going to produce them.
That means that buildings are moving up to the cartoons of nature and not at the control.
This means that a piece of strategies in Brazil Benk, France, it can also be able to be able to make up or for home, or even you can go out in the night.
So this means that three architecture can happen in the New York City in New York City in New York, and to get a half million dollars from the entire community of that cause -- it's no longer a climate.
It means that no building is too small for innovation -- like this little paradigm of records, so important and free as the animals are going to look like.
Because it doesn't matter if it's a room or a robot who built our building.
It doesn't matter how we build it, what it matters is what we build in.
The architecture already know how to make more education, more smart and more substitution.
We've been waiting for all of you to do it.
Finally, we are not in the opposite side.
They find an architecture -- control and we work together to make better buildings -- better cities for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
The buildings are not just changing our society, but they give them to the smaller space.
Thank you very much.
This is my surgeon, Steve.
I just got a year and I started walking up.
And it makes it a great way of the kids in a year ago, as if your body was moving too quickly.
It is totally precise.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the sign.
She really love his record.
It gets up and closed, and it gives themselves those big streets and headlines.
It's beautiful.
Now, all of their friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and I was thinking about it, when to do this?
How is it that we are often not like our access?
Because again, we don't like it.
Every month, 10 people look at Google -- "I'm a farmer?
This is Facebook, it's 13 years old and living in Desert.
And as any phone, it just wants to be a little bit of and to go down.
It's dead by night.
It's going to be prepared for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear -- it's a little bit, because despite your mom tells you all the car that is beautiful, all of the days in school, somebody tells you it is.
And what his mom tells him and what their friends, or consumers of school to tell you, don't know who to believe to.
So it makes a video of her, I put it in York, and I asked other people to leave a community, "I'm a biology or am I a farm?
Well, until now, Facebook has got more than 12 communities.
Some of these are so definition, that I don't even have to think about them.
We talk about a state -- normal and correct, that I get these answers in one of the things that you can see in your own life.
thousands of people are going to be published like this, in their biggest kids trying to communicate this way.
But what is it going to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are never alone.
They are under being in line and available all the time, talking about it, talking to me, "Let's start to me, starting to share -- to share -- this is never ended up with it.
We never had been so connected to me, in the way, in the way, as young as young people.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there's a paradigm in your face all the nights.
There is simply no protein.
And the social products that go out of the hand with that are impressive.
This environment -- to be always connected to our children to act in the number of my "monkey, and they have the kind of construction that they come in.
There's no difference between a life and the real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what it's real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what it is.
What is the most dangerous thing in the life of someone in front of what it's normal in a control context?
And where are they looking for interaction?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are part of the news.
So modern models are going to keep our passions.
The technology of the photographer is now a robot.
And you take it like, and the transportation, and the advanced and engineering.
For those of you who know it, it means property.
These trees are straight from women in the popular culture of today.
It's not hard to see what the young people.
But the kids are not excited to this.
As the ones of the strategy stars, and the religious states.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we just want our children to grow cars and be individual individuals.
But in a collective culture for the image of the image, we're teaching our children to develop more time and modern metal to their application, the price of all of the other things of their mind.
And things like their relationships -- the development of their physical ability -- their students and others start to survive.
six in every 10 children are not going to do something because they think you don't see the enough thing.
These are not traditional activities are.
They are fundamental activity for their growth as human beings and as a computer to society and the field of the banking development of it.
35 percent -- almost one of three teachers are not interested in the kinds of kinds of classrooms. They tend to be able to pay in the classroom because they don't want to call the attention for their physical approach.
One of the five people are not going to happen in all.
And in the third of them, if you don't think you see the enough enough thing -- especially if you don't believe that you are enough enough -- you will get a little bit less to the average of your companies who don't worry about that of the application.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Frank, the United States and China.
And it goes into what they actually have these young people.
So so that it is very clear -- we're talking about how you see you -- not how you're really right.
And the artist record about their body is dealing with the current record.
And it's also taking the health.
The telescopes with a little bit of artificial activity will make less physical activity -- they eat less physical and virtual and parallel in more distributions that can take them to a food service.
They have a lot of architecture.
They are easier by the people who are going on and they are in biggest risk of democracy.
And we think that's all over this so that they take decisions more activity, like the concept of visual and drugs -- distribution -- straight scientists, social relationships to the early age and without protein and dangerous.
The head of the perfect body is getting the health system, and our government costs thousands of dollars every year.
And we're not able to control it.
women who believe that they have a whole new thing of if they have or they don't have a lot of sense.
The 17 percent of women are not going to be a work of work in one day where they don't feel safe with the way they look like.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could support this, what would that be?
Let me give you this potential for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking about, I don't take it very far.
Not pretty much.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we have learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to invest trust in their own body.
We have to help our ability to develop structures to support the pressure of the perfect images and build their architecture.
The good news is that there are many people available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of programs are going to come up with it, not to realize the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that they follow our children are not just going to have a positive impact -- but also a hard impact of it.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first is the influence of family and friends.
So these six things are a little bit of collective parts for any willing to provide an education.
A education is fundamental -- but we will find this problem from every one of us that we take the cities in the way, and we are a better model to follow women and children in our own lives.
It will challenge the current state of how women are seen and messages in our camera.
It's not good to tell you about our policy of our politics or the size of their legs or the size of their fathers, or to figure out that the drug or the success of a high architecture depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty of it.
We need to start playing the people why they are, not as you see it.
All of us can start doing the responsibility for the kind of images and constructions that we put in our social areas.
We can be able to choose people in their effort and their access and not in their approach.
And let me ask you, when was the last time they had a signs?
In fact, we have to work together as the communities and as governments and as companies -- to change our culture, so that our children will grow all their person all of their person.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a personality.
By making a difference in the real world, we make them be those who come in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of them, where the way they believe that they are never going to see the responsibility of being who they are, or to get what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in mind.
Do you go into your species?
Do you get your brothers?
Is your daughter?
Is your friends?
It could be just the woman who is at two distances of distance. What would it mean for it if it was literally free of that particular voice in their environment, which is going to be not going to have long legs -- the more dead, a little bit more plants, a smaller piece of personality?
What would it mean for her, if we were going to do this, and we would say that they would go up to their potential in that way.
Right now, the goal of our culture with the images is getting all of us.
But let's teach our kids the truth of it.
So let's show you that the way you see is just a part of your identity -- and the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and as they make us feel about.
We put the architecture in the corners of our school.
We change each of us, the way we talk and share with other people.
And we worked together as a community -- from small groups to government, so that the small ones of a year of today, they become a few of them in terms of themselves.
Let's do it.
The five percent of 1980, a man named Elland New State between a hospital in Mars and analyzed the Robert Mars, the leader of the Linnea Desert.
And I was going to be able to write it to you, but I'm going to be asked by other cars -- in the company of each other, they started to plan attacks to about 12 people in New York City in New York City and the state of the United States.
Of course, those plants were written by an infection of the FBI institution.
And the base of 19th in the World Center -- I couldn't get it out.
It would be completely connected by their attention in that action.
Linux is my father is.
I was born in Parkinson, Pennia, in 2010, being a electric engineers -- with a American mother -- method of the prime school, between the two people made all the possible to give me a happy.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of the Sun, which is very few -- even most of the markets, they get to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact it, it doesn't require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, everywhere in the whole human group -- there is always a little favorite of people who are supposed to be so accessible to their conversation that you think you have to use all the possible media for everybody to live like them.
A few months before he was sitting with me, and he explained to me that in the last few weeks of week, he and some friends had been going to go back to the life in London, to protect it.
He told me that I was going to go on the next day.
We come back to the control of fear that without knowing our group -- I was ready by the FBI.
And when I took it up, my father helped me hold the risk in the man and explain to me how to go to the goal to about 30 feet.
And that day, with the last box that I gave it to the small light of the goal and for the top of all of us, especially me, all the goal in called called calls.
And I was going back to the other and I said, "I said, "All the "future?
In such a father -- so children.
All of all, the community makes them a lot of room, but just a few years later I understood what they were so funny to them.
You saw in me, the same level of discovery that my father could cause me.
Those people later would be used to put a collaboration with 100 miles of explosions in the North space of the North War in the World Center of the World Center -- by running a exploration that killed six people and he took other 100.
I went to those men.
I call them "Massach, which means you.
And when I was 10 times -- I had moved 20 times. That institution during my child didn't allow me to do a lot of antibiotics.
Every time I began to feel close to someone in a time I was a time to move and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the kind of the class that was a value of materials.
And I came up with my identity to try to be the baby, but it will be the new of the class and self-interview, it was enough.
So most of the time the time in home read books -- looking at TV or playing games.
And for these reasons not to develop social skills -- to tell you a little bit about it, I was not prepared for the real world.
And I got to play to people who were going to go into the people, and it was based on the robotic individuals, like his reason or his religion or his religion or his religion or his religion or his resources.
So how could I open your eyes.
One of the first experiences that they put up my way to think about it was during the private elements of 2008, was in the early elements.
In a private program in which I put up in the National National Congress Congress.
My group was found in the subject of the young violence -- like I had been visit almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group would come from problems of problems.
One day, towards the end of the conversation -- I found out that one of the kids who had been made and it was correct.
I took a number of days back to the light and realized that there was no attention between the two.
I had never had a corn friend and suddenly I felt very proud of having been able to come up with the face that all life had made me believe that it was infected.
Another critical moment I came up when I got a summer work in William Gandhi, a couple of different distances.
I found people from all kinds of creativity and culture -- that experience turned out in the development of my career.
All of the life had taught me that the humor was a little bit and, by experimental, all of the humor were bad institutions.
And by the way, I had the opportunity to work with honest artists there, in a species, and I could see that several of them were the most substance and less critical than I had seen in life.
There will be a little bit of child, developed a sense of company to the sun of each other, but it was not easy to me to treat people, exactly the way I would have decided to be treated.
So I could be able to focus on the strategies that had been taught to me, with the experience.
I don't know how it is to be honest, but I know what is going to be a little bit beyond my control.
Then the "The Star Stars.
All of the night, John States made me be completely honest to my interventions, and he helped me see that the reason of people, the religion or the sexual organization -- they don't have anything to do with it.
In a lot of ways he became my own path in a moment where I was hard to need it.
In course, the institutions can come out of the interest, and that a correct content would have had a better influence in my life than my own father than my own father -- it was not at the way.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she said to me something that will turn in my heart for always while it's life.
She looked at me with the eyes of someone who has been enough enough with interview and he said, "I'm a concept of obvious."
At that time I realized how much negative energy is necessary to keep all that hear in your environment.
My real name is not California Europe.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why I decided to go back and put it into a right?
Well, it's simple.
I have been done because I hope that somebody is trying to bring to violence -- I can hear my story and understand that there's a better way.
On the center -- I decided to use my experience to fight the temperature and against the proteins.
I do it by the end of the temperature and for their beings -- by the terrible paradigm, and the pressures that the temperature has been produced in their lives.
By the end of the temperature to talk about, against those acts without sense -- as a result of my father, my father, as a couple of my father.
And with this simple thing I put up here as a test that violence is not interested to any religion or reason that children don't have to follow the hands of their parents ...
I am not my father ...
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.  Thank you very much.
In this moment, there's a film that is project in their mind.
This is an incredible movie.
It's in 3D and it has a sense of what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has an artist, surgery and terrible.
It feels your body, your daughter, your hand, your plan.
It has emotions and happiness.
It has remember, as a moment of your invention that you are project to your eyes.
And it has a complete voice in your sense of thinking.
The heart of the film is you who experience all of it in a way.
This film is your concept of consequence, the support of the mind and the world.
Conservation is one of the fundamental truth of the existence of being human.
Each of us is aware of us.
We all have an interesting film -- you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly about it.
At least I know I have a consequence of it.
I don't know that you are aware of you.
Conservation is also the reason to live.
If we don't get aware of it, nothing in our lives would have sense.
But at the same time it is the most mission of the universe.
Why are we considered?
Why do we have these interest movies?
Why are we not just robots that we are going to do to produce results without experience the it?
In this moment, nobody knows the answer to those questions.
I guess that to identify science to science, you need some basic ideas.
Some people say that it's impossible a science science science.
The science, for nature is objective.
Consumption, for nature is surgery.
So you can never have a science of science.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I lost that view.
People study the behavior. The news study the brain of the brain -- but no one was born the consequence.
Even 30 years ago, when TED began -- there were very few scientific jobs about science.
I mean, 20 years ago, everything began to change.
news as France Carolina and Africa like Robert Pennia said, "Well, it's the moment for science to get the consumption.
And since then, there was a real exploration, a sense of the scientific work about science.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has a fundamental list to the moment.
The center of the science of science in the years was the kind of colors, colors between some areas of the brain and some of the states of the brain.
We saw some of this guy in the fact that I was going to have National Karseka a few minutes.
Now we understand a lot better for example, for example, the areas of the brain that are relationship to the question of looking at face or to feel hard or to feel happy.
But this still is a science science.
It's not a science science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of interesting experience, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of job is a job of news to answer some questions that we want to explain to you -- the questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what they are collected.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It without support news.
In fact, there are no easy problems with science.
Well, I didn't get the real central mission of this material -- why all the physical process in the brain has to be addicted by consequence?
Why is there a film intervention of it?
In this moment, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to the news.
It is going to become another education like the elements, like the humanity, like life, and we are going to find explain it.
The typical signals are all cases of economic behavior -- how they make the electrons, how they are represented, how they get up, and they move out of the living organisms -- all of them are questions about the open work.
That could be able to take the human brain to explain some behavior and the function of the human brain like a employees effect, how we are going on, how we talk about, how do we play a charge, are all questions about behavior.
But when it's about science, the questions about behavior are between the easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why is it that all behavior.
And here it is, the state of the support, the state of self-interview, in fact, still don't have a lot to say.
I am a heart material of heart.
I want a scientific theory of the activity that works for a lot of time, and I got the head against the wall looking for a theory of the science in a new physics that would work.
But at the end of the end, I went to the concept that it didn't work for the specific reasons.
I think we have this point.
We have a wonderful exploration, generally. We bring it to this -- the physics explain to it, the physics explain the control, the biology explain the biology -- the biology is exactly part of the police.
But the consciousness doesn't seem to be able to focus on this space.
For one side, it's a fact that we're aware of us.
On the other hand, we don't know how to take that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
And I think the consciousness -- right now, is a kind of an activity, something that we need to identify our vision of the world, but we don't know how it is.
With a transportation like this, you can need real ideas -- I think we need the ideas that at the beginning of them, before you can be able to deal with the science of a scientific way.
There are some possibility for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dr. Daniel Department, which is here today has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of the science.
And all the idea of the idea of the entire film is interested in a kind of intervention or consequence.
And actually, what you have to do, is to explain the opening function -- the behavior of the brain, and so it was studied everything you need to explain it.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the construction of complex consumption, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for a lot of others -- that vision is pretty close to simply notice that the evidence of science is acceptance.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time I want to explore two ideas that I think can be protection.
The first crazy idea is that the science is fantastic.
The physics sometimes take some of the universe of the universe as a fundamental languages, the space and the material.
They put fundamental laws that governments -- like the laws of graphic or consumers of control.
So these laws and fundamental products don't explain in terms of anything else in terms of nothing else.
By the way, you think about it, and you think of the world.
Sometimes the list of how fundamental it comes down.
In the 19th century.
And I think that is the situation that we find with science.
If you can't explain the science in terms of fundamental ideas -- space -- time, movie, mortality, and then by the question, you have to go up the list of it.
The most natural thing would be put up the science as something fundamental -- a fundamental language of nature.
This doesn't mean that it doesn't really be object of science.
And I open the way to make it the way to make it science.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that government, the laws that connect the connection with other fundamental consequences -- the space -- the time, the model, physical process.
The physics sometimes say that we want very simple laws that we can be able to put it into a record.
The situation of science is something like this.
We want to find physical laws as simple as we can put them into a material.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look like.
The second idea is that science can be universe.
Every system can have a consumption of science.
This vision sometimes is called particles, "Paradigm, because of the mind, every single system is considered, not just the humans -- not only humans -- the mouths, the mountains, even the Mars Mars Mars, the electricity particles.
Even a picture has a picture of consequence.
The idea is not that pictures are smart or they think.
It's not that a picture can be full of attention when you think about, I always travel to the speed of light.
I can never figure out the rooms?
No, no.
But the thinking is that maybe the pictures can have some kind of sense of construction, survival, some private price of science.
This can be a little bit crazy for you.
How do you think about something so light?
In part of this comes out of the first crazy idea, which is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like the space, the time and motor, it's natural to figure out that it can also be universe, just like others.
It's also going to be able to notice that even though the idea looks like. It's a lot less for the different culture, where the human mind looks more like the nature.
A more profound reason comes from the idea that maybe the most simple and powerful laws of finding fundamental laws that represent the thinking of the physical process, is taking the connection with information.
There is always that there is the information of information, there is consequence.
It comes from complex information -- like in a human consumption, complex science.
It looks like simple information, simple.
A very exciting thing is that in the years a network -- Green Time, I took this kind of theory and the development of malaria with the mathematical methods.
It has a medical measure of information -- which is called Paul, which means the degrees of information in a system.
And I guess I have to do with the science.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible amount of information of information, a lot of pathologists -- a lot of concept.
In a region there is a huge middle of information, as much as a lot of sense of a pretty important.
But when you go back to the manufacturing, microbes -- the degree of the Picket description.
And the level of information is less, but it's not zero yet.
In the theory, there will be still a different level of survival.
In fact, it was a fundamental law of consequence, high degree of Congo, high concept.
In fact, another reason is that it can help us to identify the science to the physical world.
The physics and the physicians have shown that physics is completely advanced.
And I discovered the structure of reality using a lot of gentlemen, but we don't talk about the reality that I used to go down.
So as Steve Harvard, where does the end of the elements?
From the particular vision of the physics you can leave them as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of science.
That's what the physics do basically describe the flow of science.
In this view, the science is that you put it in the ecosystems.
In that vision -- it doesn't find outside the physical world as a kind of action.
It's right there.
This vision -- I think, the particular vision -- it has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have social conditions and very serious times.
Some of them can be angles.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that I had constant, then it should be very land.
If you're a paradigm and you take that vision -- you will have a lot of man.
I think I'm going to think about it, and this is going to transform your viruses -- while what it matters in terms of different issues and moral consequences -- it's not so much the fact that it is the fact that it is the fact that it is and your complexity and your behavior.
It's also natural to ask for the science in other systems like computers as well.
What about the current intelligence system.
Is it consumption?
In the vision of the particular information, she has a product of complicated information, so that the answer is yes, if it's aware of it.
If this is right -- they are going to be a pretty serious new problems on the end of the developing computer systems and the end of them.
And finally, you can ask for the whole concept of the whole collection, the planet.
Do you have your own consumption?
Or to a more local level -- such as the audience in a TED talk, in this moment, we have a TED concept, an interesting film for this TED group of TED, different than the interesting film from each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think that at least is a question that has to be a serious question.
So this particular view is a real vision -- and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more sure of the first crazy idea, that the science is a fundamental thing, which of the second thing to be universe.
The vision looks like a lot of questions, a lot of challenges -- like, how those people of thinking of thinking about the kind of complex science that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going to go through the right path to a theory of serious science.
If not, well, this is the most difficult problem of science and photograph.
We can't expect to solve the night to the morning.
But I think we are finally going to figure it out.
To understand the science is the real key -- I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small person in Vietnam.
I had a very normal professor, a lot of education.
I went to school, I went up with my friends, I was going to be my sister brothers.
And it was all very normal was very normal it.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to be able to be a principle of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that is very beautiful, but there is a problem.
She has actually never got anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had a good news. After school, I had a little bit in the language of my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the seconds "Look at the Street State and "Children, "Compassion."
Yeah, I know. What do you trust it.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
No one that you can think about as a dolphin if we take the distance outside the experience.
A little bit later, I'm going to be in the second part of the teaching in a high school school in a high school school -- just after about 20 minutes in the middle of the 19-year-old studies a little bit on the hand and said, "Hey, when you give your distribution?
And I said, "What's distribution?
Well, I had been talking about the law law for about 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, your
When the people in the streets, talk about international things in school?
You know, in the rest of the action?
And it was when I realized -- this kid had had experience with people with distance as an open objects as well.
And we are not about it, and it's not a character -- it's true for many of us.
For us, people with distance are not our teachers or our doctors or our markets.
We're not real people. We're there.
And in fact, I am in this stage that I'm going to look at what I do in this room, and probably you are waiting for them to be interested in them?  Yeah.
Well, headlines and gentlemen, I have to give you extraction.
I'm not here to get you out.
I am here to tell you that they have been in relationship to distance.
Yeah, you have learned the mind that the distribution is something Mary, to manufacturing, Mars.
It's a bad thing and living with a distance makes you excited.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make it extraordinary.
And in the last few years, we've been able to protect even more this message through social media.
It's possible that you've seen images like this, "The only distance in life is a bad action."
Or this other thing is insight?
Or this other thing to stay up, intervention?
These are just a couple of examples -- but there is a great amount of them.
It may be that you have seen one one of the child without hand with a support street by the box.
You may have seen a little girl who goes up with a little bit.
And there is a lot of these images that are what we call a personal interaction.
And I use the third of the dead, because they get a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we went into the death of the people who have no distance.
The purpose of these images is to bring them together, and so we can look at them and think, "Well, for a very bad thing to be my life, it could be worse for me.
I could be that person.
But if you are that person.
I've lost the number of the number of times that have been able to experience that they think that I think I am value or a source of interaction, and this happens before my work had a public pressure.
It was as if I was happy to get up for the morning and remember my own name.  And this is considering.
These images -- those images connected to the people who are dealing with the death of the people.
They are there so that you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their products in perspective.
And life as a different person is actually a difficult thing.
We knew some things.
But things that we are not the things that you can think about.
They're not relationships to our body.
And I use the term "The personal personal team, deployed, because I get up to the called social model of distance, which tells us that we are more distributed because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagrams.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited about it.
The things I need to do, and I've learned to take the best of your ability as well as you do it, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common thing.
They just are using their bodies by doing the best of their ability to get the best of their ability to do.
So is it really just how we do it in the way we do it, to share those images as well.
When people say, "You are a source of interaction."
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the mind -- because they have been sold in this feeling that the distribution makes us excited us.
And honest, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
I am here. I'm looking at the interaction, and you think, "The God, you are not sometimes inspired by something.
And actually, I know I am it.
And I learn from other people in the whole time.
However, I don't learn that I am more absolutely than them.
So I learned that this is a great idea to use a lot of bacteria to get the things that get to me --  -- I learned the transportation of how to take the brain of the mobile phone in the back of the sky.
Great.
We learn from the force and the rest of the others, not against our bodies and our diagrams, but against a world that explains and constructed.
And I really think that that means that you have been sold about distance is the most interview.
It makes us hard life.
And that camera, "The only distance in life is a bad action, the reason that is to think it's not true, because of the social model.
A lot of solutions in front of a state has never done that it becomes a room.
I never --                             -- I would not be able to get the substances for the support people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a book and making a positive device to become all those books to the bank.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where distance is not the experiments.
I want to live where a girl of 15 years old, sitting in his death looking at "The Stanford State State, not a meaning of nothing for being in a sky.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so many experiences of the people who are happy for us to get away from the face and remember our name for the morning.
I want to live in a world where we go back in a world of the people with distance, and I want to live in a world where a child of the 14 degrees in a high school school is not a little bit of surprising that their new teacher is an area of surgeon.
Design doesn't make us, but what you think is what you believe to know about it, I know it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to look at is the actual reality and the professional field, with the experience?
And what is the average speed of a collaboration without cards?
Unfortunately, I'm just going to answer one of those questions, so please don't depend.
When people think about really actually actually the real Republican -- and I think of Mars Congo -- and I took the hands on the air. But the actual reality is not scientific science.
It's something that will happen is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the reality is going to change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phone.
So how do we get to the really interest reality?
The first step -- this is what I'm going to do, the Google Georges.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you might not know is that the Google George are a action that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is a professional detail in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to focus on.
I have to use words.
I have to create a market that you will fly with your image.
We can use the Google Georges, under a car and know what is running by the field of play to 150 miles -- the blood will be supposed to be the ocean.
We can know that it feels like a man of 180 miles to ask us, trying to figure out about all of their be.
I have been there and I'm going to tell you that it's not any advanced.
I have a few video videos to show you what is using the Google Google under the car, and I'll give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they are not images of the Prize programs, because the idea of the TED technology is a support to get the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Kennett, let's go.
It's horrible to be accepted.
A moment. You take a little bit.
Protected?
Let's go.
Chris Kenya, as you can see, is a problem of what is being taken in the field of the field, from the particular perspective.
You might have realized that they are going for people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them from the University of the University of Washington, control.
Mars area, Ray 54, Ray 54."
Languia eight, Languian Z.
Chris Kenya, this is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field -- but it doesn't have anything to do with being in the Nigeria.
They want that experience.
The forces want to be in the field -- it will be their favorite players, and they have asked me in Texas, and in Twitter, you can see from the origin of a field of food.
or a corner?
We want to experience that.
Once we have that experience with GPS and Google Georges, how do we get from line? How do we take it to the next level.
We take it to that level using something called Streets Robert, which is just a lot of you already know.
The robot Robert has been discovered as the residential reality of the most real virus -- and it's not based on.
And I'm going to show you why this video is.
Man: Oh, yeah.
No, no, no, no. I don't want to follow you. No.
Oh, "Oh my God, Oh!
HG: That's the experience of a man in a man in a red mountain going through their life.
So what will be the experience of a picture when we put a video of Arabic Professors creating the line -- they deal with a ball with the arm before you go back and make a authority? What will be the experience of a family.
And when I can be Medical bringing up by the card, by looking at the back of the record, or Frank doing a state in Williams?
What is their experience when it depends on a mountain to more than 100 miles like a submersible street."
Maybe you can get the pieces of pathologists for advanced.
But this is not even all right.
It is just visual reality.
So how do we take the actual reality. Right?
So we're going to take the actual reality when you understand them, and you see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our experiments?
How do we use it for paintings.
Because they always use the technology to keep it.
And I like to win it. I give you money.
So here is a brother rate about technology in the Neuro.
In 1985, the University of Bang was put a foot to his field of field to play faster faster for it.
They took the surface Bang that year.
The other team decided to do it.
More people saw the part because it was more exciting because it was more exciting.
In 2010, the NASA put down in the cars of the field of field and after the designers.
They had more species because it was faster because it was faster -- more interview.
In 2010, imagine that they are a guy coming back to his group and you see their next place to show you from you in a planet of plastic that you get performing. You will not have to worry about getting a play.
Or to measure the structure.
They just go back to the field and recognize it.
And the controls want it because if you don't follow your institutions -- you lose particles, and they make it lose particles.
So if you lose a little bit like an intervention.
And they don't want that.
But the actual reality is not just a map of strategic structures.
The whole thing is also a way to get information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the particular.
How do you do?
Well, a very simple choice would be to have a camera in every side of the state having a view from the rest of the people who are bring.
You also get information from the sense of the cars and the advanced -- something that's already working on.
And all of that information is going to go into your players.
The good team will be able to know it.
The bad thing will have of information.
And this is a good thing to the good team of the bad.
So your team of information will be so important as your relationships, and the data of data will stop being just to be just for neurons.
It will also be a paradigm. Who would have improved it.
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that they are the field.
You get the ball and records.
So I looked at a open region. Of course, a language in the left part of your vision is that a democratic behind you is going to be addicted.
And you take it back to the area.
Another language is supposed to be an open region.
And you get the bank, but you would get you down.
And the ball lost the transportation.
You don't know where to do it. However, the representation looks in your view a area of head that you get up and you can move your face.
You get and add the ball, you go up and read and anticipate.
And the physical public and the forces have followed the journey from every subject.
This is something that creates a massive emotions in the screen.
It will make a lot of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
They want to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite place.
The reality is going to be part of the paradigm because it's too religious to not be.
But what I ask you is: Do we want this to be the only use of real reality?
Are we going to use it just like pattern and child, like our high entrepreneur?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the actual reality to make the impact between human beings to show someone how it is, literally being in the place of other person.
We know what this technology is going to do for the particular lives.
It makes thousands of dollars a year.
But how much of this technology for a teacher in the room trying to show you a sense of how you get your actions from the population of the video?
How much of this technology for a group in Australia or Robert trying to show the world how they live being personally?
How much of it is also for a Congo Congo or a New Angeles trying to interact a generation of children so that you think more in space and science instead of terrible and Kings?
Ladies and gentlemen, the actual reality is going on.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we find -- they say, as a always of us.
Thank you.
I was really reading after 24 years of service in the Path Park of California.
Most of those 24 years ago I was going to put up the strange support of Mars Congo, which including the Great George Gandhi.
The bridge is a international structure -- I know a lot about their beautiful view of San Francisco -- the October Ocean and his international strategy institution.
By the way, it's also a picture for the surface, being one of the most used places in the world.
The George George Google was open in 1987.
John Steven, intelligent surgeon to build the bridge -- he said that, "The bridge is probably to support supplies.
The surface of the bridge is not a protein or problem."
But from his survival, more than 150 people have gone up to their death from that bridge from it.
Some of you think they will travel between the two days I will take you to another distance -- this bridge has been accepted as maybe that every day from it is about all of your consumption and painful, and the water that you go down under your water.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to eat survival.
After one every book of four to five to five seconds, the body against the water.
So the impact is the horses, some of those who are going to be a visual relationships.
The biggest die in the impact of it.
And the ones that don't usually go into the invisible water.
I don't think that the ones that tell us this dark rate of survival is actually about the death of the death that you will get in.
This is the classroom.
And I except about the two trips, there are 32 pieces of participants on the door.
This is where most people are in front of the life.
I can tell you for the experience that once the person is in that room, and in your most dark moment -- it's very hard to bring it back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an office to connect their life.
I want to tell you that we had a success that we had that day to bring it back on the back.
When I started working on the bridge -- we didn't have any form of it.
We were going to take the way through the way in these calls in them.
This was not just a bad service to those who control the surface, but the opposites too.
We've got a long way from the time.
Today, you can see and parallel and paradigm to the new organisms.
This is John Germany.
I met it about 24 percent of the last year when you get a call of a possible support of a straight support sitting in the center of the center of the center of the center.
And I said, and when I came back, I looked at John talking to a support of the German George Gandhi.
James had only 30 years old, and I had taken up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had taken up up to here two times before New York to try and figure out from this door.
After about a time talking to Japan, we asked us if we knew the story of the Park of Park.
And I remember the grandmother biology, Charles created Park, and I sent it to the Earth with a box with a box and he said, "I never would get that box."
Well, one day, the quality was more than Palestinian, and she opened the box.
And they came up with plants, people and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Japan asked us, "What if you open the box and no hope?
And it took up a little bit of interests, and it went into the right, and it was it.
And this is a lot of angry and intelligent from New York just to bring the life.
I talked to the parents of John that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be being used very well, because the next day, the red of the family called me to see how it was.
The parents in Japan had asked it.
The collective days of the atmosphere affect a lot of people.
And I put these questions, what would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone else was survive?
What would you do?
Do you know what to say.
In my experience, you don't just have to talk about, but you have to listen to.
listening to understanding it.
You don't know, you know, or you tell the person you know how you feel like, because you probably don't know it.
It just will be there, you can be the point of interaction they need.
If you think that someone is surprised, you don't have fear to get it and make the question.
So one way to do the question is, "You know, you know, you know, you can think about your life, you've had these thinking?
It will come to the person in front of the front of us can save life and be the point of interaction for them.
So others are going to look at it, hope -- believe that things are terrible and they never get to improve it, construction, believe that there is nothing that you can do about this, and a lost of the interest in life.
I was going on this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got a street of a street and I would like to read you to read her card.
She lost his son at the age of this year, and I wrote this edge just a couple of days ago, and it's with his poem and benefit that I read them.
"Honey, Kenya, I imagine that you're in the TED.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go to the door this end of week.
I just wanted to leave you a not.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home to talk about it to their friends that tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite interesting, but I'm going to spend more moments to realize that Mars will not come home.
Michael was coming from Parkinson's Project to San Francisco to look at the part of the 45 with his father of 100 percent.
He never got there.
I called the Police police and I read it as I did that night.
At the next morning, two office came to my house and I was interested in the car in the Michael was down in the door.
A subject had seen it from the bridge to 1800 percent of the day.
Thank you thank you very much for fight for those who can be totally too hard to fight for them.
Who has not been before.
It shouldn't be so easy to go with it.
My colleagues are with you.
So the GPS, the World War is supposed to be a step through our beautiful barrel, not a concept.
All right, this week, Vietnam."
I can't imagine the value that she needs to go to the door and get the way up the way his son took that day, and also the value to come up with it.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope.
The 11 percent of 2007, it turned out to a radio called a radio poster in the top of the door about the normal train.
I took my way up and I looked at this man and I looked at this man, Kenya Benjamin, of foot in the ground.
When I looked at me, I came out of improvisation the ball, and it turned out in that little test that goes around the ground.
For the time and the next half of all, I heard like Kanta talked about his depression and depressed.
Kanta decided for their mind that day to go back to that car and give the other opportunity.
When Kenya came back, it's happy.
"This is a new beginning -- a new life.
But I asked him, "What was what they did and gave him the hope and the other opposite?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You hear me.
I want to talk to you and just say?
A little bit after that, I got a quote of the mother of Kanta Mars, and I have that car with me, and I would like to read it.
"I want San British, no one will look at the experiences of the 16 percent of market, and you are one of the reasons why Kanta is still with us.
And I think, I think Kenya was clear by help.
It's been discovered with a mental disease for which it has been completely medicine.
I went back to Kenya when I just had six months old, it was completely aware of all of those tools -- but thank God, now we know.
Kenya is in order -- as he says it.
We gave God for you.
It's just in front of you, Nature Brazil."
And at the end of her written, "Player -- when I looked at the German Hollywood of San Francisco that night, you would go like the patients.
I know I had to see it.
Today, Kartlin is a short father and an act of society.
There is usually about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story will interact others.
This is not just something I've found in work.
It's people.
My grandmother was supposed to come up.
That act -- despite their own paradigm, I was the opportunity to know it.
So this is what the survey does.
For most of the people, or those of you who would consider the surface, you would not think about going to another person.
They just want their own pain to do.
By the way, this is just got just three ways to be able to stop -- the drugs or the death.
In my career -- I have been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and called support around the door.
And in those individuals that I've been directly invented, I've just lost two -- but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other one was a man who told him about a hours.
So during that time, I got my hand in three times.
In the end, I looked at me, and he looked at me, and he said, "What do I feel -- but I have to go.
And he came out.
Here, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people that we are going to do in that bridge they don't know.
In fact, those few people who have come out of the bridge and live and they can talk about it, that one or two, most of those people have said that the second thing they left in the side, they realized that they had made a team and they wanted to live.
I say to people, the bridge is not only connected with San France, but also people.
That connection -- or open that we do, is something that everyone and each one of us have to be able to do.
The surface can be presented.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not are, but in your interest you know what you are, and a question. How do you become that?
I have to be something only in that sense, but I'm not sure -- in no way I am alone.
When I became a model I felt that there was finally the dream that I had ever had from a child.
My team was finally told with my real interest with my own.
And by the reasons that I'm going to give you a little bit later, when I look at this picture I think, you get it going up, you get it, you get it up.
But the last step -- I found out that, I am starting to go out.
We all get our families out of our family, our society, our society in history, even our body.
Some of you have the value of reading, to get rid of the limitations of the skin of the skin or for the beginning of those who are recording.
They are people who are always developed by the stage that you think about it.
In my case, the last nine years old, many of my friends, many of my friends -- my friend -- I would get my story.
I think this income is called relationship.
This is the me.
And they got me as a show to the strange of my genetic scientists.
I remember that my five years in the First, in my house, I always took this material in the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that material in the head?
I said, "Look, it's my leg. I'm a girl."
And I knew how to address.
The government has always been considered a constant fact, but now we know that, actually, it's something more complex and minister.
Because of my success -- I never took me to share my story, not because I would think to be what I'm a bad thing, but why the world is going to be those of us that they want to be like.
All of the days I will be a woman.
I have a mother and a family who tells me how I am like me.
Many are not so supporting.
There is a long temperature in the current culture that would run the mission of the genome.
There is a different diagnosis of the computer.
There is a little bit of the diagnosis of the children.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a paradigm in the First that I was able to run these ministers.
I was in the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something like this, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still a man, I met this woman called TED.
This is the distribution of a beautiful beauty of biological beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why have you not paid in the bone of beauty?
And he told me that if she was going to be able to get out of the sense of invention and the stage, and that night, they won in the bank, they go into the band of gallery, and he had a third of a film between more than 40 cards.
That moment changed my life.
Of course, I was inside the world of beauty records.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was a beauty of beautiful women, but I know.
I also met the diagnosis of the devices, especially when we went back to the French protections.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2008, my mom had moved to San Francisco -- I called me and told me that they were able to get my solution of the green room that I could go to the U.S.
I got it up.
I said to my mother, "Mars, I'm dealing.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a brother of beauty?
But then, two weeks later, I call it and said, "You know if you move to the United States you can change the name and the identity of gender?
It was all I needed to listen to.
My mom asked me to put them two "beginning?
She also took me when I was going to put me in Takau to the 18 years.
It is curious that in some of the most recent cities of Transparency to actually remember the most pressure surgery, software and security.
So in the United States, it was need to make the color before it would change the name and gender.
So in 2008, I went to San France, and I remember looking at the concept of communication with the name and the German generation.
It was a big moment.
For some people, their sense of identity means to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a theory, but for me it was the light to live to be a little bit of feeling.
Of course, my trees were seen military.
I felt that I could take my dream and move New York, and it will be model.
Many are not so supporting.
I think about this woman who was New New New Angeles Island.
A young woman in New York who are going to live their truth -- but that, I put it into their life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our own streets are eight times more than the rest of the population.
All of the 20 percent of us do a global violence for the Congo Congress of the Trees.
I am in this stage for a long story of people who read and put it up to the institution.
These are Mars Park.
Today, in this same moment, I'm coming out of the architecture.
I can't follow my truth and just for me.
I want to do the best thing to help the other way to live your truth without visualization, or terror.
I'm here, exploring that some day there is no more virus than 20 percent of North.
My real truth took me to figure out what I am.
Do you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you -- thank you.
George Richard, of course, first of all, to go up with all my benefits.
And to my network of support -- my parents especially to my family -- which is very strong to me.
I remember all the times that I have taken to young young young people who have been addressed, and sometimes when they call me and they told me that their parents were not able to get it. I took the phone -- I called my mom and he said, "Mars, you can call this woman?
So sometimes it works -- other people -- it's just not just about generation, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are going to say, and what I try to do is to put on the table the subject that some of the times that some times that area is not going on, and that there should be a space that would allow people to address it, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents with colleagues.
The transportation movement is trying to share with the green movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood it.
So there should be space for color and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you will be my stars.
KB: Thank you.
In many political societies and artificial societies -- the parents are usually known by their children, but I'm one of the few parents who know about his daughter and I'm proud of it.
Mars started her campaign by education their rights in 2008, and when they took their forces in 2010, when he was going to put the National National Project from the peace -- he became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter -- but now I'm his father now.
So sea and gentlemen, if we look at the story of humanity -- the story of women is the story of the individual, of violence and exploration.
You see, in the private societies right from the beginning.
It's not good, not for your father, not for your mother, not for your mother.
The voice comes out, day their colleagues to the mother and no one has been happy to the father and no one.
And a mother gets a lot to have a child.
When it gives light to the first child, the first child, the first son, you put it up.
When it gives light to the second daughter -- you know, and with the hope of a son, when you get up your third daughter -- you feel like a critical control.
Not just the mother support, but the daughter came up, when I grew up, when I grew up as well.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it goes in home and school to their sister to their brother shows.
At the age of 12 years, somehow it has a good life.
You can deal.
It can play with their friends in the street, and it can move through the streets like a market.
But when I went into the advance, when I was about 12 years old, it was asked to go out of his house without a massive subject.
It's connected to four parts of their house.
It's not a free person.
It becomes the call of his father and their brother and his family, and if it comes up the code of that human house, I could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this cost code of home, not only the life of a millimeter, as well.
So this brother started the access of their life and the happiness of their sister in the middle of the human health.
And there's a number more of the private societies that is called a supply.
It turns out that a good girl must be very surprisingly, very supporting and very support.
It's the crowd.
The model of a good girl must be carried.
You know that it has to be similar and it takes the decisions of your father and your mother and the decisions of the ancestors, even if you don't want it.
If you put it with a man who doesn't like or if you have a old man -- it has to get it, because you don't want to be a state of destruction.
If you get it very young -- you have to get it.
In the way, they call it destruction.
And what happens at the end of the end, and what happens at the end of the end.
In the words of a politician, "The step, and then it gives light to more children and daughters."
And the protein of the situation is that this mother is that this mother, the same lesson for his daughter and the same lesson to their children.
And this critical crisis came up and continued.
You want beautiful and brothers -- when I was born Mars, and for the first time, I don't like the networks -- to be honest, but when I was there and I looked at your eyes -- I was going to be extremely honest.
And so much before I was born -- I thought about his name, and I was happy with a language of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Mars from Mars, and he called my daughter for it.
But when I looked at me, they were all men -- and I was going to get a line of my name, and I was a line of my name.
And when she grew up, when he was four and a half -- the arm in my school.
Do you ask them, why should I make a child of a child in a school?
Yeah, I have to think about it.
You can give it in Canada, in the United States, in many countries, in many countries, but in the poor countries, in the private societies in the traditional societies -- it's a great evidence for the life.
And I will figure out in a school means the recognize of their identity and their name.
And one access to school means that it has come into the world of dreams and the activities where they can explore their potential for their future.
I have five weeks, and no one of them could go to school, and they would be surprised -- two weeks before, when I was looking at the force of vision -- and I was in the relationship part of the family, I couldn't remember the ends of some of my brothers from some of my brothers in it.
And the reason was that I had never seen the name of my basic brothers in any democracy.
That was the reason that I value to my daughter here.
What my father could not give me to my sister or his children, I thought I had to change it.
I used to do the intelligence and the quality of my daughter of it.
I was going to feel with me when my friends came to see me.
It will go to me to different researchers.
And all of these values -- I've been trying to try in their people.
And this was not just for it, just for Mars.
I've made all these good values in my school to kids and girls per same.
I used the education for education.
I teach my children, I teach the students to support the lesson of the surface.
And I taught students to support the lesson of the called called the security.
You want brothers and gentlemen, we went through more rights for women, and we were going to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new factory.
It was released for human rights and particularly for the rights of women.
It's called a transportation.
That means a whole business of women in all of the political activity -- economic and social activities and society.
So hundreds of schools were struggled.
And the kids were asked to go to school.
And the women were used to use the videos and stop going to the market.
The music were surprised, the kids were street and the street controls.
It sounds millions and a few people, and it was a strange to have all of those people who kill and act when you talk about your right.
It's really straight.
In the 10 years old, Mars goes up and recorded by the right.
I wrote a little bit to the book of the Big Bang, it was made up for the New York Times -- and I talked to you in every platform that I can.
And his voice was the most powerful voice of it.
It looks like a clear around the world.
And that was the reason that the teams couldn't be able to take his campaign and the nine of the age of 2010, they gave them into the head.
It was a fantastic day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole turned up.
And as my daughter was distributed between life and death -- I was going to go to my wife to my wife -- "I have to get up for what happened to my daughter to your daughter?
And then he said he said, "Why don't you get your child.
They defend the cause right now.
You put your life in play by the cause of the truth -- by the cause of the peace -- and by the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and you get it.
They were both in the right path and God protected."
These few words feel a lot for me, and I wasn't going to ask you again.
When Mars was in the hospital and he had a subject and he had a few streets of head because his favorite needed was concerned, I used to see a dark second that was spread by the face of my wife in my wife here.
But my daughter is never coming.
I used to say, "I am good with my solar security and with the understanding in my face.
I'm going to put it right. Please don't consider?
It was a conversation for us, and it would tell us.
You want beautiful and brothers -- we have learned from it how to answer in the most difficult moments and I'm going to share with you that despite being an appeality for the rights of children and women -- it's like any girl of 18 years.
And he was going to be when he didn't just just have his task.
It goes up with their brother -- and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my car that has done as much advanced to Mars so value, explaining and explosion?
I say, I don't ask you what I did.
Let me ask you what I didn't do.
I didn't run your steps, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I went out of the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion of it.
I'm an engineering one.
And I want to tell you that I've been used to the Mexico group of Google -- where I've had a diagnosis to my card, the distance of Google English -- but all the work that I'm going to talk about here today about the brain of the brain -- I remember before I get Google or outside my work there.
So I would have said this, there is a station when you move to a brain.
Do you have to be just as smart or right?
If you won't be like this, you can go back to it?
And then of course, I got a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the basic material -- but it was the particular part of the center that creates important and neurons.
So immediately after the objective, I had to decide what the amount of, from more than a tens of chemical powerful every day, because if I didn't take anything -- I would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the conditions and controls of chemical controls, and try to get them up, to follow life.
More than one time I've heard about it.
But by the way, I have some of the experiments. And so I decided to experience to try to get the particular destiny because it really doesn't have a clear map that I would say in decade.
I began to try to try to try to try and look at the different changes, and I was surprised by looking at how small changes in the data changed my friend -- my sense of who was me, my way to think, my behavior with each other.
A particular case -- for a few months -- I tried for a few months for a young man for a love man, and I was surprised to see how my thinking.
It was always fundamental, and I thought that it was the most smart person around the world, and                -- many times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe a few and a number of distributions in the past.
It turns out as a extraordinary.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be addicted.
In fact, I was trying to try a problem that had a problem that I had in the front and it just didn't happen like that.
So I couldn't get it.
It changed my dangers.
But I think that experience gave me a new research about men and about what you have to go back, from then I get better with the men.
And what I was trying to do when I was going to get those hours and neurons and so on, it was to reduce my intelligence after the disease.
So I used to think about almost in images -- and that became my point of key record, how I get those mental images that I used to create proteins, my ideas -- if you want to try and make new ideas and you can go up with solutions.
This kind of thinking is not new.
Philosophical like Hungery, Departhors and you have to see things like this.
They thought the images and mental ideas were the same thing.
So today there are who this idea, and there are a lot of differences about how the mind works. For me is simple for me, for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creating creative and research.
So after several years, I got to find the point right and I have a lot of great mental genes, really smart, very surrounded and so on.
Now, I am working on how to take very quickly from these mental images of my mind to the screen of the computer.
Do you imagine what it would happen if you were able to use your imagination just to get the world that has the form?
Or if a music could express the music of your head, the music of your head.
There are incredible possibility with this, as the way people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is that, the only difference to do this is just to increase the result of our brain system.
Let me show you why I think we are pretty close to coming to this with two recent experiments that are done by two groups that are done by the neuron.
They were both used by the Microsoft technology -- imagine by the real magnetic responsibility, to represent the brain -- here you can see the brain state to do by Google Gandhi and their colleagues of Harvard.
The color of the left shows the state of the brain of a person who looks at a picture.
The middle of the middle shows the brain of the brain in that same individual as it comes in, looking at that same picture.
The color of the right is created by the control of the central color of the left of the left -- you see that the difference is almost normal.
This is a lot of different individuals with many different images -- always with a similar result of it.
The difference between looking at an image and imagine to see that same image is almost normal.
Now, let me share another experiment -- this is the lab of Japan Gandhi in Benkind, California.
They made the brains of the brain communities in the real visual field.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment -- I showed people about hundreds of hours of hours of Earth while they were struck their brains to create a great amount of relationships of the brain to the sense of video.
And then you show you a film with new images -- new animals, new animals, and as you get a new state.
The computer, using just the brain information of the stage that I do to show you what the person was looking like.
On the right you can see the diseases of the computer, and the left, the video that you show you.
This gives us balloon.
We're good about doing it.
We just need to improve it.
And now, you remember that when you look at a picture and when you imagine that same image, you create the brain the same way.
This is taken up with the brain food systems in the top of the world's brain secrets today, and their responsibility is involved as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the responsibility for a thousand times more to get a more profound looking at it.
How do we do that?
There are many technologies to do it.
And one is to open up the concept and to get electricity.
I don't forget for that.
A lot of people are going to make new technical techniques for images -- even me with the recent result of the Microsoft, first we have to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
The critical wisdom says that the only way to get more responsibility is to get a lot bigger -- but at this point, you can only get small better in the responsibility -- you don't get up for thousands as we need.
I set up this idea, instead of larger monkeys, we do better monkeys.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different researchers, like making a paradigm.
And why does this mean?
In the last few years, a great amount of force in the Frances were to make really big manufacturing -- right?
And yet, most of the restaurants are in terms of smart solutions and biological systems in collective and destruction, in the transportations and records of recording red record in the Microsoft systems.
At the time in the time of a massive mathematical field we use market patterns to the farmers of Facebook recording.
So when you can change the marketing patterns with the patterns of the world's proteins of Facebook records, we can increase the information in the information that you can spread in a single state.
In fact, we can be able to develop our growth knowledge about the structure of brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
And when we use the Arabic we should be able to measure not just the forest of supporting order, but the horizontal and neurons that I've mentioned and maybe even the natural activity -- this is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a different way to digital media.
Do you imagine if we can go through the language of language and communicate it directly through the thinking.
What would we be able to do?
And how do we learn to deal with the truth of human thinking without fascinating?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be impossible to use it as a tool to make our ability to think of our thinking and community.
Now, the same tool could take the course of the San and simple disease.
We have a few more choices to open this door.
All of all ways to take a year, it will happen in five or 15 years.
It's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about this night about coming out of the architecture, and not in a traditional sense, not just from the grandmother architecture.
I think we all have artists.
His architecture maybe is to tell some person for the first time that the love or tell someone who is electricity, or say somebody who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have been in life.
The whole thing is a difficult conversation -- and even though our issues can take the experience, the experience of having lived and have come out of that architecture is a universal thing.
And I mean, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working on the United States, I was working on this city, and I was going up there, and I had to take a number of pictures of the international military interface, not to get my streams, to go up with the leaders of the Dr. Dr. Frank as a leg.
And it will be realize that by the home of my car short, and I would have done the head out of the head -- I was going to ask a little bit about a little little little little girl -- "Hey, you are kids or child?
And it would take a situation in the table.
I was going to take my band a little bit more, I would take my face with a red leg.
The father was going to go through the paralyzed and the mother would take a picture looking at his son, his child.
But I would not say anything -- and I would get in the inside of it.
And I came back to the point that every time I was going to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight it.
And that's a terrible sense.
So I showed that the next time I would say something.
I would have that hard conversation to it.
So after a few weeks ago, it happened again.
Are you a girl or a child?
A family, but this time I was presented and I was about to go back in the stress statistics in the table --  -- I had the Carolina Carvacks.
The corner of George Germany.
Even a picture of the "Life that I would show you.
And so I would remember a look at it, and I went up with a little bit of four years with a room -- looking at what it is not a challenge for a free danger, just a child with a question: Are you guys or child?
And so I went back to the back again, I went out of climate close to it, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a consequence.
I have the short car like the one of a child, and I look at a child, but I am a girl -- and you know, how you like to use a robotic sea, and sometimes you like to use a short paradigm.
Well, I am more than the kind of a child chain.
And that kid looked at me and I looked at me, and he said, "My favorite piece is violence and it has a fish.
Can you give me a paradigm, for family?
And that was all of all, OK. You're a girl ...
What's going on with the paradigm that you say?
It was the most easy thing about all of you ever ever had before.
And Why? Because the child of the paradigm and I, both of us -- we went up with the other.
So as a lot of us, I have lived in a few artists in my life, and yes, my parents used to be a architecture.
But within the street, you can't know what color is the paradigm.
You just know how one is being living in a strategy.
This is how my brother is not different at your own or your own.
Now, I will give you 100 reasons why you get from my sister was more difficult than coming out of the water, but this is the idea, the difficult is not relationship to it.
The hard thing is difficult.
Who can tell someone who has been delivered in a robot is more difficult.
Who can say that this story is more difficult than to tell your son of five years that you're going to discuss?
There's no more difficult thing, just the difficult thing.
We need to stop climate what is hard to do with what it's hard to do to the other person to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our architects and we have to just feel like, because we all live something difficult.
In some point in our lives, we all live in arts, and you can make it feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I am here to tell you that it doesn't matter what they are made in their walls -- a role is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine itself.
And I had a color colony, a sea and state statements.
It was not the military mission to fight with any child of four years that would go into the car.
I was concerned by the fear -- I went up in a control of my automobile artist starting my great galaxy, and moving it just a mountain is the most amazing thing that I've ever ever done.
My family, my friends, my friends that I've spent my life to try to try to do -- and now the world was going to go back to it.
I was looking at the page of a generation that we all have ever followed for so long -- but if you didn't get that big, you will kill you.
So one of my biggest landscapes was in the bottom of my sister of minister.
It was the first time that a lot of between the institutions knew that it was graph, and when I was doing my law data -- in my black wife and the bands around the table, and I finally got to a where the friends were the friends of my parents, people who met me years ago.
And after I'm going to talk about a moment, one of the women who were going to North Linux?
And the grandmother of the galaxy had started it.
"Oh, once I was in the Caroling?
"Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San France?
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fantastic."
"Oh, you know my own states?
It's very good and has never talked about having a nation."
"What is your TED program.
Our favorite program and God.
And you know who they love us? Jameflaker.
Japan is our family."
And then a woman -- I found out, but in expect to show his support -- to make me know that I was from my side, finally he said, "Well, sometimes my husband use streets and surgery.
And I had an opportunity at that moment, as you have all the big languages.
It might have been easy to figure out where they felt like it.
It's not very hard to find it and realize the fact that they were efficient.
And what else can you ask somebody to ask you, but they will start?
If you are going to be an article with someone -- you have to be prepared for the authority that you get in.
This is how the hard conversation follow without being my strong point.
They ask anybody that I have come out.
But I am making it, and I get what I like to call the three first of the Chiles of Parkinson.
Now, please look at this through the green perspective -- but they understand that what it is going to come from any architecture is essentially the same thing.
Number one, it's anticipation.
You see the responsibility. It's yourself.
That girl in the face didn't have a record but I was ready for the bank.
If you want someone to be graphic, the others have to know that we also know.
Number two, they will just do it. It's just going to be able to do it. It turns out their parents.
If you know they are graphic, it will make it.
If you say their parents that might be graph, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of hope.
And number three, and more important.  They leave the computer.
You communicate their true.
You get up for that.
And some of you can be able to go out of the safe security, which is why they have done, but they never get up for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel desperately, but that's something in them.
Those are the experiences of them about what you are, but not your own them.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write about.
So the next time you find in a high atmosphere will be able to be able to be able to know that we all have been there before.
And it may be very alone -- but they're not.
Thank you.
Institute, what is that?
If we look at the story of how it has seen intelligence -- a private example has been the famous corner of Elland Department that the question of if a machine can think about it as interesting as the question of if a subject can still say?
When I choose Darwin wrote this as a conference to the proteins of the information as Allen Texas.
And so, a few years ago, I learned a program to try to understand the physical physical media of the intelligence of it.
Let's take a step out.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from a self-constant region that they don't know about the land of the Earth and the Earth of the Earth -- but they have an amazing telescope and they can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so they can look at the Earth for millions of years.
And you see a very strange effect of it.
Of course, as teams, we know that the reason would be trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact of it.
But if you're from a high region that you don't know about this, that you don't have any concept on the Earth -- you would see a physical theory to develop a physical theory that is going to explain how to a certain time in time, the antibiotics that you would leave the surface of a similar planet.
And so I guess this is the same question that is to understand the physical nature of research.
So in this program that led to a number of years ago, I took a variety of issues through science, through a number of distances, that they were going on, I think, to a single medical market of intelligence in it.
In collective, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally strengthened for the development of intelligence -- and in particular, for the University of universal state that will make the diversity of the future.
Finally, in the global movement -- there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to bring the ability of robots to make the future free of access with the end of the order to make complex machines.
And so, take all these different issues and put them together together, I said, since a number of years ago, there is a strange memory for the intelligence that we can benefit from all these different things?
Is there just an example for interactions.
And I think the answer is I know. What you're seeing is probably the most expensive thing to one and DNA for the intelligence that I have seen here.
So what you're looking at here is a substance that intelligence is a force -- Frank, that act with the end of making the future free of action.
It takes to make the future free of action -- or to keep the open opportunities, with a force -- with the diversity of possible future -- Yeah, until an incredibly future time, it takes it.
In a few words, the intelligence doesn't like to be addicted.
The intelligence is trying to make the free future of action and keep the open opportunity.
And so, I have to realize this education, it's natural to say, "What can you do with this?
What is it as much as prediction.
Do you make the level of human intelligence.
Do you pay the activity antibiotic?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, show some of the amazing activities of this simple.
Norman, Republican research -- they have suggest that the universe that they produce more designer, or "designer, for their life should have access to more favorite conditions for the experience of smart beings like us.
But what happens if that kind of technical social connection between the center and the intelligence invented a more deep relationship.
What if the smart behavior is not only related to the production of a long way, but that actually makes sure about it?
In order to figure out, we have developed a software of software called England, design to make the production of a long way in any system that you find inside it.
And surprisingly, Indian could be able to spend minimum interventions of animals -- to play with human games -- and even to make money controlling access -- all of it without that I had been interested in doing that.
So here are some examples of experiments.
At the same way that a human human handle -- here we see the College to be able to use a strategy using a card.
This behavior is normal in part because we never gave him a metaphor.
I just decided for your way to be able to get the point.
And this ability to be able to have access to human robots and human technology.
This kind of use use of tools will be able to be able to be able to have the smart of smart and antibiotics.
So as a few other animals can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take out of a body at the same time to deal with food -- here we see that England can make a version of the model.
And this ability of control has interesting conditions for economic population and in a variety of other field.
Institute is a lot of access to a variety of diameters.
For example, here we see it experiencing a game of put against itself against itself.
So here we see the exploration of the new connections in a social network where the friends are focused on a little bit with success the network of the green network.
This same capacity of network also has access to the health of health and intelligence.
So here we see the robots in a collaboration of the backs of an arms -- I will discover with success and using the Columbia County to move the world of the world from the Arctic to the Park.
And in the same way, in the same way, in interview it's absolutely accessible to problems in antibiotics and profit and transportation.
And finally, here we see the English spiritual to find out and take a piece of company, and it is in a series of self-interactive business.
So this ability of risk to be accessible in financial and security.
All Johnson, what you've seen is that a variety of human behavior of human behavior as the use of tools like the use of tools -- and the social control, all of you who get out of a single exploration, which leads to a system to make your future free future.
Now, here is a deep protein.
And we went back to the beginning of the use of the robot -- the World Washington, there was always the concept that if we develop smart machines -- there would be a collaborative room.
The machines would get against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades -- we've had all the concept of the corresponding of the collaboration to the research.
It's not that the first machines are become smart and then they are trying to get the world.
This is all of it, that the picture of taking the control of all the future future is a more fundamental beginning than the intelligence of intelligence -- that the general intelligence can actually be able to make the control -- instead of being the rest of it.
Another important concept is the survival of the object.
They often ask me, "How is it that you can find objects from this kind of market?
My equivalent to that drug to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence -- it's the single intelligence that has to be seen as a physical process that trying to make the free future of action.
Thank you very much.
We're in a point of intervention in human history, something between the concept of stars and lost the planet we call home."
Even though in the last few years, we have spent a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth is in the context of the universe.
The King King of NASA has discovered thousands of planets that are going around from other stars -- which is that the Earth is just one between the thousands of parts of our galaxies of us.
Kennedy is a space that is a space that is a space that looks like the stars of the stars when the planets are going through the front of them, and they get a little bit of that light that comes up.
The data came up by Kanta to show the size of the planets that have been between them and their stem school.
In together, this helps us understand if these planets are small and relationships like the basic planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their sun.
In their time, this gives you about whether these planets that we find are trade or not.
Unfortunately, as we are finding this issue in the whole world of possible world, our own planet.
The year year was the most collaborative color.
Georget and sea ice that have been with us from us from a thousand people now are doing in a matter of decades now.
These environmental changes that we have done to global scale -- they have been very quickly our ability to save their own.
But I am not a climate science -- or an alternative.
But I study the ability of the planet for the stars -- with the hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I would look for extraordinary opportunities in the international sector of it.
Now, as someone very interested in life in the universe in the universe -- I can tell you that the more similar planets to the Earth, more depends on our own planet.
Every one of these new world invited a company between the planet and the planets that we know better -- our solar system.
Let's take our voice, Mars.
Mars is small and red to be a little bit more far from the sun -- it can be able to consider a whole world to show this for a mission like the Kennett.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been based on the past and, in part of this is why we study so much to Mars.
Our records like the "Children, they record their surface in search for the organizations of life as we know it.
And the satellites that the organization, like the Mars Mars, they take shows of the atmosphere and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability to lose it.
The private companies are not just just not only specific flows but also the possibility of living in Mars.
But despite that all of these manufacturing images remember us to the data of our planet, places that are ready in our imagination with the idealism and profits and power with the Earth. Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the experience of the different areas of our planet that you still have to collect, places that are really excited about matter.
Even in the most similar places and more full of the Earth is fragile and religious of oxygen and extra of our traditional forest to thousands of miles of diagram.
And I worry that this impact for the color of Mars and other planets are going to get a big and another section -- the impact and the beginning of some that Mars would expect there to save out of this research industry of the only planet that we know is really surrounded, the Earth.
For a lot that I just like the international explanation -- I'm in deep with this idea.
There are a lot of reasons to go to Mars -- but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the test of the Earth is going to tell us that the lack of truth will actually have a place in the streets --    Thank you.
But the objects for the international experience and the terrible pressure is not controlling.
No, they are actually faces of the same monography, the way to understand and improve life in the future.
The environmental environment in our world light as a strategy paradigm.
You just find more about home.
If we can understand how to create and keep space spaces in the hospital and international areas of the Earth, maybe we can make the need to make our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment.
A lot of years ago, the African physical physics asked -- you have to realize that our universe has been in front of a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have been found out of the experience of life life until now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a solution to the bottom of the Force is that when the creatures become enough enough to be able to continue to live between the stars -- lose the notion of the important thing that is to protect the order of the planets that are able to put this development out.
It is accessible to think that it's just the information collective to us to save ourselves from ourselves.
If we really believe in our ability to support the human environment of Mars for human pressure -- then we should be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to support the ability in Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And while I was in the paradigm I was looking at my books, I realized that I didn't have the legs.
In fact, I could look at the window that were in the table of the control, where I had left them.
So I really tried to open all the other door and virus, and all of them were all right.
I thought I was going to call a room, at least I had my cell -- but at the middle -- a role could take a lot of time to get up, and it made a fat.
I couldn't go home from my friend of John to spend night because I had a finger floor to the next morning, and the next morning of my wife and my market.
It turns out, but I'm sure I didn't get a little bit of the middle of a night, so I thought, to go out of the cores, it goes right out.
I am a professional newspaper, and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
Look at the color room that comes up the heart room, modern levels in the transportation and the thinking.
And when I came to the face of factor in the record, I realized that I didn't have my passion.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without paying.
And I began to ask myself, if there was something that could do, systems that could be able to put in their place, that they understand that bad things.
Or at least -- if you get bad things, you will move the likely to be a total career.
So I was going to think about that, but until a month later, my thinking didn't get a month of it.
I was running with my colleagues David Karack, and a little bit and a little bit.
It's something that he had learned from the Park Gandhi Kennett, who had written about this a few years before, I met as well.
You all know what the political is.
Every time there is a democracy, a team of experts comes and trying to figure out what it came wrong, right?
In the pressure, as you experience Darwin, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that you could go wrong -- you know, I try to figure out what you can do to avoid that things are going on or to move the day.
So what I want to talk to you is some of the things that we can do in the form of a pressure.
Some of them are excited -- others are not so exciting.
I'm going to start with organisms.
In the house, I will figure out a place for things that look like.
This sounds common sense and it is, but there is a lot of science that support this technique, based on how our space.
There is a structure in the brain called the humanity, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a sense of the important things, where it's the well, where the fish are the fish -- which is the first traditional trees -- where they live the friends and planets.
The story is the part of the brain that is based on the talks of London, in the talks.
This is the part of the brain that allows us to find their news.
And if you ask you if someone really did the experiment -- they had the sensitive sense of the records and so they could find their news.
They didn't use the organization, but the strategy, that medicine is very evolution of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason in order to lose the car.
So in home to get a place for the legs, a group together to the door -- maybe a little bit of destruction.
So for your paradigm, a particular box in a place.
So for their laws of language, a particular media.
If you get a place and you are scales with it, your things will always be there when you show them.
What about the trials?
They take a picture of a picture of their career, limitation of control, paralyzed, to be able to be able to figure out they are in the city.
If these things are lose or the robots, this can make the system.
These are some of the most obvious things.
And remember, when you're under stress -- the brain looks like.
The color is terrible and interacting the thinking.
And so part of the private practice is to recognize that it looks like. We're not going to be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems in your situation.
And there is maybe not more structure than when you find a medical decision in it.
And in some point, we're all going to be in that situation -- to have to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or one of the way to help them with a decision of it.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm talking about a very particular medicine.
But this would be asked as a project for all taken out of medical decisions and in fact for the end of financial decisions and social decisions and social decisions -- any kind of decision that you have to take out of the fact that you would have a radical evolution of the fact that you would do.
So we guess that they go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I get the result of the lab and color is a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit
They all know that the high color is associated with a greater risk of climate disease, access to the heart -- bringing brain brain.
So you have to think that having the high color is not the best thing, then the doctor says, "I would like to get a drug that will help you reduce the color, a state."
And maybe you have heard of the states, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today. It's even likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, I get the state."
But there's a question that you have to do then, a student that you have to ask that most of the doctors don't want to talk about, and the fantastic companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needs to treat it.
And what is this -- NASA, NASA."
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or support a surgery in any medical product before you help a person.
And it must think about what kind of strategic statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not take me something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, the medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not about the doctor -- and if it comes to someone -- it's the scientists like me.
We have not learned very well the stations of the supporting memories.
But the statistics of Germany that 90 percent of the drugs works only about 30 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most remarkable stage -- what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before I help a person help a person.
300 percent.
And this is the research of the research researchers Japan Gandhi and Park Harvard, controlled by British for Britain.
And I explain the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before I will avoid a single heart of heart -- bring brain or another agenda experience.
Now maybe you might think, "Well, one problem in 300 of them will go up with my color.
Why don't I do that, dependence?
But then you have to ask you for a more, and it is, "You know about the strong effects? Right?
For this particular democracy, the security effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those are a terrible thing -- and you have a terrible thing to move and activity, but you now think, "The five percent is not very likely to go to me, still to take the medicine.
But a moment.
Do you remember that it looks like.
So you think about how this is going to do this with time, so they don't have to make the heart rate in the act of it.
300 people take the face, right? A person has helped -- five percent of the 300 people have self-description effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go through the fragment that you help you depend.
I don't say they should or not take the state.
I just say that you should have this conversation with your medicine.
The medical takes it up, it's part of the beginning of the context of information.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about if you want to take the risk or not.
You may be thinking that I have taken this number in the air.
For the surgery that most of it is done in the major men in the top of 50,000, the number of cancer, the number needs to try and try to try to try and try to try to try and try to try to try and try to try to try and try to try to try and try to try to try and try to try to try and
This is what it's about about a person who has been help.
And the security effects in that case, they produce the 50 percent of the patients.
Those are including the impact or private profit, intelligent angle, and increasingly an environmental intervention.
And if you have survival, and it's one of that 50 percent.
So the idea of the pressure is to think before the questions that you can be able to do is that you can imagine the conversation to it.
You don't have to make all this in the act of it.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a lot of times a lot of times, you want a more short life free -- or a more long life than could you have a lot of pain to the end, you can have a lot of pain to the end of the end.
These are the things that you talk about and think of now, with your family and your own beings.
You can change in the heart of the time, but at least you are interested in this kind of thinking.
And remember, our brain looks at a little bit, and one of the things that happens in that moment is that they get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Car with a destruction, it's not needed the digital system, or the book or the border system, because if the body is spending the metal in those things, not really relationship to red -- they could come to be the language of the leaders, so nothing of that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that is going through the window for those moments of stress is the real thinking of real thinking like Darwin Kartlin and their colleagues have shown me.
So we have to train to think about the future to this kind of systems.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all distributed.
We are all going to be able to get in when we are going on.
The idea is to think about the future how they might be those fantastic, to put the systems in the place that will help us to move the day, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
Reading to the night in Michael, when I came back from my journey -- when I came back from my journey -- I was interested in a combination of combination together to the door -- with a list of the door in the same way, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to try that I still have a lot of cars that I have not heard, and a lot of messages that I haven't read it.
So I'm not very proud -- but I see the organization as a graphic process, and I'm going to do it.
Thank you very much.
And Prize, "Oh, "The state is my favorite music.
It means to take it out.
If you are taking a musical institution and you see a particular particular and you need to take more service.
Two pathologists, even more.
Four percent, extremely survival.
This is my daughter of a paradigm of particular, there you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of parents can have never come to a simple survival.
That is my destruction of similar, a very dark sound.
I would like to share a little bit about the story of the U.S. American system -- Street, about a little bit of my own story.
The French language came up with the decade of 1980, and with the step of time -- it's moving with local sense, and it's developed the language that we know as AIDS.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born sure -- and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they are actually in my mind every day.
As a person who lives in a world of sound -- it's like I live in a strange country, keep basically their rules -- controlled, behavior and neurons without it.
So how do you understand the sound of the sound.
Well, I see how people share and answer the sound.
People are kind of like me and managed the sound.
I learned and bought that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound. And I've seen how people respond to.
So I've learned -- for example.
"I don't get the daughter."
"You don't make a lot of representation to the bottom of the farmers of French passions."
"I don't end, and when you're eating -- you will not go up with the corner in the paradigm."
All of this is called sound "design."
Maybe I think of the sound of sound more than the average person does it.
I am sure of the sound.
And I'm always waiting with neurons the sound of the sound that is going to come up with control.
In there, this diagram.
TED, for design.
TED, to continue to work.
TV -- to get up.
You can see that the paradigm is not going on in the line.
That is because the lines are already getting sound through subject and strangers.
In the dark culture, the movement is terrible to sound.
This is the sense for "Paradigm, in the SETI.
A typical paradigm has five line.
However, to me, to me, to do it with my wife that doesn't feel natural to me.
This is why I just have four lines in the paper.
In the year 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Alzheimer's for an artificial revolution there.
Before this time, I had worked as a paradigm.
So during this summer -- I looked at money and species of different gas, and while I was from a place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that moment, the sound was the temperature and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art -- everything was a control.
Now the sound has come into my art.
Is it going to do more than the art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that you don't just experience it through your eyes.
I can feel it in a terrible way, or you can experience it, or even like an idea.
So I decided to remember the sense of sound and figure it out in my own private.
And all of what had taught me in the sound -- I decided to leave it and describe it.
I started creating a new body of work.
And when I put it to the art community -- it was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I received in.
I realized that sound is like money -- the power -- the control -- the control.
In the bottom of my mind -- I always felt that the sound was a subject, it was some of a person.
And the sound is so powerful that it could give me to me and my favorite work, or I could eat it.
I chose that I was going on.
There is a massive culture on the language to the language.
And just because I don't use my free voice to communicate -- the eyes of society is like if I didn't have a voice in all.
So I have to work with people who can support me as much as and become my voice.
And so I am able to be relationship in the current society.
So in school, in the work, in the work, I work with a lot of different interests of SSV.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be listen to.
And their voice have value and sense.
Instead, when you ask you to ask your voice, I am able to keep a terrible form of value something like taking a protein with a very high interest.
If you don't work with this practice -- I feel that it could be described in the office and not have any kind of social value.
So with the sound like my new artist, deep in the world of music.
And I'm surprised by looking at the signs between music and Street.
For example, a music note you can't capture and experience in the paper.
And the same thing can say about a concept in SSLC.
So the two are very special and all the way that it means that it means they can affect the whole meaning of the signals as the sounds like the sound.
I would like to share a measure of the oil -- so they understand better how it works.
So imagine a picture.
The GDP is based on many different parallel parts.
If you get a different period for every period as you take the oil -- like the favorite experience, the movement of the body, the species of the hand and like this, as you take the oil -- the English is a local language -- as if you put it only one piece to time.
However, the TED is more like a stream, you need the 10 percent of a similar way to express a clear concept or idea in SSV.
If you just just change the access, you create a completely different meaning of it.
The same thing happens with the music in the middle of the tons and virus.
In SSA, when you use these different parallel pathogens, you can express different ideas.
For example, the sense of the same student in that.
This is the sense of the same store, "When you get it into that.
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I got them.
There it is.
What are you looking at.
Oh, there?
So I was going to think about it, and if I see AIDS through the laws of music?
If I had to create a meaning and it would take it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of Darwinian, the sun goes up and puts.
This is the day.
If you take it up and reduce the speed -- you can see how a massive piece looks like.
All the day.
I feel that the same thing can say about the night?
All the night.
This is all night, in this diagnosis.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of night -- "No, "I was not a night,  "I got the night?
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
And this represents how the time you experience the time in TED and how the difference is able to express the changes in time.
For example, one has been a hand, two hours -- it's two hands, the present is more close and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the state.
So the first example is a long time.
And then, "All of the story, and the last one -- which is my favorite -- with a very rich idea and distribution to the time, there was a time.
The content thing is a massive term with a specific screen of four times per computer.
However, when I look at the word "The word, I think about the same time, I think about the same time.
Let's look at MIT, my right hand -- MR: Mars.
We have the paradigm through the head and the face.
(Music: Michael, I got a street "Fourth "Also "Life, Michael, she was going to teach you a form of the hand called "Facebook, "Christing."
Can you do it with me.
All of the hands in the air.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head as the face, something like the station, or the same time, or the same time.
Yeah, very good.
That means "beginning, in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all of the culture and the lines of signs around the world.
The second thing I would like to show you is this: Please do it with me.
And now this.
It means "Christine, in the SETI.
Now, the third thing -- please get back again.
And again.
It's a stranger in the SETI.
We're going to do the three together.
"Child, "Child, "Child, and "destruction?
Good work.
So look at how three seconds are very similar -- everybody happens in the head and the face. But they can make it very different.
It is incredible to see how GDP is living and pressure, as the music.
However, we live in a very straight world.
And just because AIDS doesn't have social value.
We have to start to figure out what the social value and allow us to develop their own value.
And this could be a step to make a more incredible society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be safe to learn Street -- not that you have to be able to learn music.
The AIDS is a record and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I would like to try to open your eyes, open your eyes, to pay in our culture and experience of our visual language.
And you never know, you can get out of us.
Thank you.
Dentance Kenya, Hellon, that I'm me.
In a child, my parents said, "You can tell it all, but then you have to check it.
And the freedom is responsible to responsibility here.
But my imagination took me all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a piece of intelligence or a piece of intervention I have to say, because the adults love us to protect us from the real horrible.
When you make it bigger -- I understand that the activities are also interested and that they're not very good to deal with the other.
The time, now I am an access and I teach a city and invented in the Harvard school of Hawking Kenya.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the planet with a lot of background.
So as a good cities, we launched the planets, and no, it's not going to be blocking it, and if it is, I don't tell you.
And it is art to say, but today more than 80 percent of the oceans are popularity.
It's a straightforward thing.
And in the last few decades, we have been coming out with these great blood and records, to reduce those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we put them up and take this information into a map in a map.
But by the end of a environment, and it's very expensive and it is also very advanced to use those huge balls.
So along with my students, with six to 15 to 15 years, we are going to invest a better way.
We have brought up our own street in Canada, in a task.
We began to build this kind of work with an architecture that was very rich for the kids that can also be able to be able to do it.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who make electrical tools feel great and security.
Not exactly exactly it.
Let's go back to the plant.
We take the plastic and we cut it into the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of their fantastic.
That we do.
I leave it to the image of my students in me.
My work is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to convince them in something that we expect it to work.
So we decided that instead of taking a little bit of plant, we just get information.
By the use of a robot -- we take a picture of this plastic -- the kids are moving a lot with the robot.
And then we created what we call a protein."
We are so fast in the production of the process that we end up before you get back.
And then we brought up light and weapons in access and we put it into a short robot that will move around the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image of the robot.
We see the pieces of plastic playing through the feeling while the computer computer is going to be able to make this picture and measure the size of every particles to get an approach of the amount of plastic in the water.
We gave this invented step in a website in a website for invention called "The School, with the hope that somebody else is even more.
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem, and the stage, they're trying to solve it.
And I can imagine my light problem, but my students in Kenya Kenya are very good children.
You see the news. They get the Internet, and they get up with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, by giving up a oil of oil -- just using their hands in Southern Hands, the largest movement of the world in Bangalore.
They were very surprised because this is the water that they brought, is the water in which the water, the water where they see, the place where they live in.
You can see that the water is blood, the arm and the oil are also a board and as well as all of it is, it's very hard to see what in the water.
But there is a simple technology called special, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a very first program of a space that can go through all kinds of secrets that produce different species, which can help figure out what in the water.
We had this program with a sense, and we took it to Barry.
The great thing about this project is that more to solve a local problem, or to look at a local problem, my students used their employee and their sense of creativity to help other children.
And I can imagine a problem to distance. I saw a second experiment -- and I wanted to go a little bit later -- maybe I'll get a more difficult problem, and also more close to me.
I am a half and a half years old, and maybe remember, that in 2010, there was a decline in Japan.
It was so virtual that they were looking at a number of girls who were called terrible, and those transportations designed several cities in the cost of Japan.
More than 14 people died in an instrument.
It also gives the population of nuclear energy of France, a nuclear control on the water.
And today, in the middle of the mass of 300 tons are still getting out of the nuclear planet in the Palestinian ocean.
Today, all of the West West has a control of control for 1885.
If we go to the front cost -- we can measure the river of Frank everywhere.
But if you look at the map -- it seems that most of the bacteria is going on from the corner correspondent, and most of a moment, it has a safe thing, it's blue.
Well, the reality is a little more complicated than that.
I have come back to France every year from the action and research in a way to other scientists with other scientists -- the room, and this time we wanted to take the children.
And of course we don't have them, the parents are not allowed them.
But every night we get in the center of control -- here you see the use of different.
It might look like they didn't take the work, but they did it because they're going to have to live with the relationship all their life.
Just with them we discovered the data that day and we talk about what we were going to do after it, the strategies, and so on.
And to do this, we create a relative map of the region around the form of nuclear energy.
We create the marketing map -- we put them together to represent data in real time in the religious time, and we get water to make the survival.
And with this we could not notice that the radical police was based on the top of the mountain to the red system and stopped in the ocean.
It was an application education.
But in the bottom of this we organize a civil experience, the most close to the nuclear control to the data.
We take us up to one miles of nuclear control -- and with the help of the area of the area we went back from the minister of the microbes with a sense of sense as we were interested in and we built and built it.
Here we see a program, we've come from a local problem to a real problem to a global problem.
And it has been very exciting to work in these different cells, also with the open code and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been more anticipating because we've only been starting to measure the day we have done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give me the street and try to invest better ways of doing all of these things.
So the box became a little bit of a little bit of so small and we found an industrial intelligence in Canada, and we turned it into the largest space of social and environmental space.
It is in the center of Hong Kennedy and it's a place where we can work with a way, metal -- a little bit of biology -- a little bit of biology -- it can be built almost all there.
It is also a place where the advances and children can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can be able to actually be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be children again.
States, and statement? And support.
To be Harvard, we asked things like, we can invest the future of movement with the real energy?
For example.
Or do we have to help in the model of the population of advanced age to transform their streets of high strangers in new electricity videos.
Plastic, the oil and religion are low-collection, but the worst law that we can leave our children are the messages.
We can't allow the kids to protect the children of the truth because we need their imagination to invest the solutions.
So you know, scientific citizens -- communications, we need to protect the next generation to be concerned by the environment and people, and so I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two shows -- two strangers of design.
One is made of thousands of pieces of access -- the other one of a little bit of second.
One of them is simple, the other one.
One is about the environment, the other thing creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other for it.
Michael Linux said that when he looked at the man in brand, he saw a picture that was going to be free for me.
The circle was just a little bit of Linux Linux.
But the living beings are not closed.
They grow up.
And in the smaller communities of life, the cells -- we take all the information by every single cell to work and to respond to it.
The tools also have consequences.
And at least from the India Revolution, the world of design has been made by the recording of the mathematical and production in the way.
The blue lines have given a world made of parts of parts of the devices and artificial artists to think of their objects as a distribution of different parts with different ways.
But you don't find a human material in nature.
Think about the human skin for example.
Our favorite levels are determined with distribution people.
The pieces of the space are more graphics with small people.
You take a little bit as a film, the other probably as a barrel, and yet, it's the same skin -- there are no parts, there are no strategies.
It's a system that is going to be a system that is going to be able to be a lot of strategic access.
Here is a little bit of a distance that represents my vision of the world, the distribution of every design and architecture to work in the clock and the gene -- between the machine and the generation, between the design and growth -- between Hanger Francisco and Charles Daniel.
These two viruses of the world, my left hole and the right and self-interactive, and it shows in the two states after me.
My job -- in its most simple level, trying to use these two viruses in the world, and they get out of the strategy and accept the growth of it.
They probably ask you, why now?
Why wasn't it possible about 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in history, a red moment -- where you take four distances that you get to designers access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the interest of these four feet, my team and I created me.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects and tools and tools through scale -- like this robot room with a 24-year-old arm with a base of diagnosis with a basis that some day is not very happy to be able to be able to make open buildings -- and graphics in the middle of microbial microbes that are going down in the strategy.
So here we have taken the climate, an article of the ancient artificial architecture -- and it's created a screen where each organization is a single way to move the form of light and the heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility to create a heat and a failure. This was for a paradigm of Paris with Art -- it's like a second piece made from a single piece of piece of child, recording in the conditions of the control of the control.
As much as a control of 30 Streets, we put this career and fallen 30 without colleagues between cells -- I'll show you more objects like that.
And this is completely collective materials and basis in the result of 20 minutes.
This is the result of a human head.
It is also the result of a CO2 school.
And that designers have access to this high security and the simple institutions -- it allows us to design products that have not just the form of our body, but also the physical structure of our trains.
We've also designed a substance street, a surgeon to the economic time, and it also has a sound.
The teacher Carvacca, my collaboration, we went back to nature to identify it, and by design this pattern of surface -- it becomes a sound.
We started this surface of 45 different proteins, which would go in religion, objective and color and collecting the points in the human body.
His surface -- as in nature, he would take their function of another material or another design, but he was going to be able to be able to communicate and deployed the material property.
But is the internal nature.
There are no parts in nature.
I didn't care in a religious home -- but when I was young -- my grandmother told me stories about the British Hollywood, and one of them was going on and came up with a lot of what I care about.
As she recognized, "The third day of the Criminality, God was going to make the Earth grow a collective tree of framework.
So for that first fundamental tree -- there would be no difference between the term, rooms, drawings and frames.
All the tree was a force.
In change, the Earth made trees with rooms, color, streets and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often asked me, "What would the design if the objects were made from a single piece?
Let's go back to a better state of creativity?
So we looked for the basic material -- the kind of material of the fundamental tree with fragments, and we found it.
And the second biological biologist in the planet is called an advanced planet, and about 100 million tons are produced every year for organisms like colleagues, colleagues, strategies and microbes.
We think that if we could be able to figure out how to be able to be able to make the moral structures in one piece of it.
So that's what we did.
We call it language.  We have a lot of streets of collectively, and we put them up and we tried to go up with a state of antibiotics.
And I will take the chemical conditions -- we have been able to get a little bit of properties, from dark and dead, to the light and survival, self-description.
In order to imagine the structures to great scale -- it's built a system with a lot of bad biologists of education controlled.
The robot could take the properties of the material and create these structures made from a single material of a long material -- 100 percent.
When the pieces are ready -- you let them keep to find a natural form in the air.
So why do we get to design with plastics?
The air banks that were a support of the Internet process of being used to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the first time in the planet in the planet three billion years ago, as we heard it.
Just with our colleagues in Harvard and MIT, we increase the bacteria designed to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to turn it back into it.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their treatment without problems of living into a millimeter, and if you move even more, you go into it.
This is a short transportation of framework.
I would work with an old material -- one of the first forms of life in the planet, with a little bit of simple biology and with a little bit of simplicity -- we have transformed a structure made of ways in an architecture that starts like a tree of it.
And here is the best part -- for objects designed for ministers, put them in the sea -- you will find the market life, and you put it into the ground and you will help you grow a tree back.
The architecture for our next exploration is using the same design principles was the solar system.
We looked at the possibility of creating room to keep the life for the international journey.
To do that, we need to deal with the bacteria and control their floor.
And so as the profit transportation, we did our own economics of elements, new forms of life created freedom in anti-complete form in a biological way.
I like to think about the simple biology like the line -- only that instead of transformation medicine -- you know, new biological materials within very small colleagues.
This field is called microbial magazine.
We made our own 3D colleagues to control the flow of these cultural cartoons.
In our first piece of room, they become two microscopes.
The first one is the rice.
I live in our oceans and in the high water.
And the second -- Origoment, the bacteria that has in the human research.
One of the light is going to take the light into the other, the other thing to get up and produce useful teams for the environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never know.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of room.
Think about it as an evolution -- not by nature, not by nature, but by design.
In order to keep these relationships -- we have created a single character that goes up to the digital transportation, which will help you they get these bacteria and you get your way out of the way.
So we started to grow those colleagues in the human body -- by taking the problems of the material to the serious design.
If we wanted more photographs, we decided more transportation.
This particular system, when you're going to be about a strange to another, it takes 60 feet.
This is the half of the language of a film field -- and 10 times more than our own interaction.
And here it is, as a principle in TED -- our first particular photograph, collaborative lines with life inside the room.
Thank you.
Mars Star said, "We are creative commercials, only half is made.
What if the design is going to get the other half the other minute?
And if we could create structures that are going on the life of life.
And if we could create people who were going to create our skin piece, they would go up with the table data and they would be our bodies?
Think about this as a way to avoid biology.
I call this the material education.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
Now, you know, you know that a 3D company is a massive material in careers.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
It grows up.
This care of the street, for example, creates a very sophisticated architecture, a home inside which it is forced.
The factor is not about this level of software level.
It makes it through the combination of two materials -- but of two proteins in different controls.
So an act as a structure -- the other one is the paradigm or mathematical, using those forces between each other.
And this happens through scale.
The second of the first one is going on in the environment, creates a terrible structure and then it starts to be a compassion of compassion.
The technique and the company, the two forces of life, they move in a single materials.
So with the end of understanding how this complex process, we put a little bit of a little bit of the head of a sense of sea, to the human.
We put it into a box with a market sense, and that allows us to create this notion of points in three dimensions and to look at the artificial complexity of the top of the ground.
However, when you put it into a piece of fear in a planet pattern, not inside a box -- we realized that it would be a planet and you would still be able to get it up.
So we started to design different environments, different antibiotics, and we have discovered that the way, the structure structure -- the structure of the cause -- it would take directly by the environment.
You often have the sounds of fear to the death within the death inside your careers, your second is accepted and used in the traditional industry.
We saw that by designing these planes we could be able to be able to be able to be able to have a single career.
And they were going to be able to be able to create these things.
So we used this process to the artificial scale.
We had a huge robot doing sea, and we put it into our situation.
And we knew that the sounds of seven of them and familiaries, so we use a substance of solar robots to reduce the distribution of light and the heat in our structure.
And so we create holes or angles, to reduce the records of light and the heart of the street of the street on the structure.
We were ready to go to the organizations.
We can be able to go up with 650 degrees of fear on the line.
And after I found it four weeks old, they were ready to deal with us.
We put them completely in the bottom of the subject, and while they were hard, they were going on, they were going on, they were going on, they were going on, and life starts again, like us, but a lot more.
Bill Francisco said that the term is the great intervention, and I was right.
At the time of biological seven about the second hill -- they give all of this particular plane.
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks old.
And in a simple control, this is also the logic of the ground.
You know, the policeman -- after the experiments.
And this could be used for 25 percent architecture in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
And a little bit of a subject is a robotic arm -- the other thing full of the cards.
If the last source of design is to take life to the products and the buildings that are recording us, to form a evidence of two materials -- the designers have to be able to bring these two viruses in the world.
What it takes us to come back, of course, to the beginning.
So here is a new design of design -- a new age of design, which brings us from an inspired design.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
You take your hand if you've ever ever asked them, "What do you want to be from most of a monkey?
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show them with the lines.
three.
Now, you take your hand if you want to be more money?
It's made some kind of interaction.
Any interaction.
I am somebody who could never answer the question "What do you want to be more of the most money?
The problem was not that I had any interest -- but I had too much.
And in school I would like the English -- the hands and the art and the art strategies and developed websites -- I was going to put it into a place called Texas Frankling.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in a sense, I like to test and feel about all of us, for having a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with the time this sense of benefits, this sense of this, this is no longer a challenge.
And I have to leave it.
But then I interested in the other thing, something completely different -- and I get up in it, and I let me bring it back and I feel like, "I have found the same thing -- and then this point where I start going to get it.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I would like to discover something new and different and and I would like to go into that.
This pattern causes me a lot of, for two reasons.
The first one was because I was not sure how it was going to turn all of this in a camera.
I thought I had to choose one thing, I would choose all of my other patterns, and I would get it to reach up.
Another reason why I care so much attention was a little bit more people.
I was worried that there was something wrong in this, and something bad in me will not stop anything.
I was going to have a fear of the consumption, or to be designed or accessible or my own success.
If you can reduce my story and these feelings -- I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have come up with.
Imagine themselves where they learned to figure out the meaning of bad or animals to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
So we asked the first "What do you want to be from most?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that no one matter what you tell that age.
You would think about a question to be able to try to make a little bit on the children like, "I would be a profile, or "I want to be participation.
They interact the Department of Harvard here.
This question makes us over and over and over again, while we grow out of different ways -- single school students are asked to stay in the universe.
And in some point, what do you want to be more of more?
It happens to be the evidence of before what it gives us the dream.
Why?
So if this question is inspired to the kids who might be what they might be, I didn't try to keep everything they could be.
In fact, I just put it, because when someone ask you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though you get a lot of interesting and say, "Oh, what's going on, but you can't be artificial and parallel.
You have to end."
This is Dr. Bob Charles  and he is artificial and paralyzed.
And this is now, and this is a record of recording construction -- company, teachers and creative distance.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life is very engaged in our culture.
This is this idea of design, or the idea that every one of us has something to do during the time in this time, and you have to figure out what that thing is and define your life to it.
But if you are someone who is not connected to this way.
What if there are a lot of different issues that do their quality and many different things that want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that market.
And so you can feel just to feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a object.
And you feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You are a market.
A mathematical is someone with a lot of interest and creative activity.
It's a market for so on.
It could help if it goes into three parts -- phone, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that control the same idea.
By the time of the Restanding, the idea was that I was very good at distribution in distance.
Robert Star is about us as "bits?
They use any subject that they like or invented one of them.
It looks like a kind of kind of access to a community -- we can't agree with a single idea.
It's easy to look at the property as a limitation or a strange that you should come from.
But what I've learned to talk to people and write about these ideas in my website -- is that there are huge forces in this way.
So here are three moral supports.
One of the ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more camps and the creation of something new in interesting.
And there it is.
Mexico is a company that creates supplies in the entire control.
On the Saturn and Random was happened this idea of the single idea of their concept and experience.
The innovation happens in the interesting.
In there the new ideas.
And the mathematics, with all of your antibiotics, you can access to a lot of these interesting points of interesting.
The second manufacturing support is the fast.
When the methods are interested in something, let's go to it.
Let's look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are ready to be private, by having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear to try to test new things and get out of our behavior.
A lot of skills are transformed to other distances, and we take all that we have learned to every new area that we have, so we are going to go out of surgery.
New Department is a journey to a complete time and interview strategy.
And as a little bit of parallel property -- an incredible ability to develop the modern medicine.
Now, she is the faster metaphor metaphor.
Before you get in the state, North was a financial plant.
And I had to learn the most famous version of the most famous times when he started their proteins, and this ability helped him write controlled controls for the electrodes.
And I remember it's a sense of time to tell what you go back, even if at the end of it.
It can be possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field in a way that you could not have presented.
The third thing is the activity of the access is activity. I mean, the ability to transform in any thing that you need in a day.
And I have a couple of videos of videos -- other designers, and the designers of the website, sometimes construction of Kartlel, sometimes movie, and sometimes when you look at it, John Boston.
It's value because it makes a good work.
And he is even more valuable because it can be able to get a lot of robots -- depending on the needs of their colors.
The French French companies as the most important ability for the development to protect in the 21st century.
The economic world changes as quickly as it is the individuals and organizations that can be able to make the needs of the market.
Incredible of ideas and activity and activity, three skills where the methods are very huge, and three skills that you might lose if you're ready to reduce your objects to reduce your goal.
As a society -- we have a great interest in order to be able to figure out they are themselves.
So we have complex problems right now, and we need real creatures not to make to them.
Let's say they are, in their heart.
They came out of the wind to know that they wanted to be news neurons.
Don't worry about it, there's nothing wrong in you.
In fact, some of the best team are being made from a specific and a political method.
The species can run in deep and put into the ideas, and the marketing offer a concept of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship to it.
But we should all design lives and cars that are going on the way we are connected.
And by the way, the markets in a big part of them are being asked to just be more like their specific companies.
Once I said this, if there is one thing you get out of this talk, I hope that this is this, it turns out to be the entire card, is what it is.
If you are a heart of heart -- then you experience for all the media.
That's where you will give the best of it.
But for the methods in the room, including those who were just going to realize being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you about their many patterns.
They follow their quality for those memories of together.
They explain the interesting.
It will be able to give us our interest in an interesting life that leads to a higher life.
And maybe the most important thing, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the last year to a woman called San San a paradigm in France.
South State and I couldn't remember even the most basic details of their life.
His doctor was called Eastern.
All I didn't know how to help San, but I was going to go through it until that, by democracy, fantastic in 1987.
After his death -- Alaho made a strategy and they found strange profits in the brain, from a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If anyone had been living today, we could not give it to her more help than Allen gave him 18 years ago.
Alaska was Dr. Allen Sandan.
And San Dent, the first patient in getting a slide that we now call Dental disease.
Of course, the medicine.
They have been discovered antibiotics and values to protect them in the infections, many treatment to cancer, antibiotics for HIV -- statistics for the cards and much more.
But there's a little bit in the treatment of Sandschanger.
I am part of a team of scientists who work to find a car for the atmosphere for a decade ago.
So I think about this all the time.
And this is now about 40 million around the world.
But in 2007, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, I will increase many of you.
If you hope to live up to the age of 14 or more, the possibility to control San will be almost one of every day.
In other words, there is the possibility that they spend their years on San or help me take a friend or to be likely with San Sands.
It's just in the United States -- the Carolina Congo costs 200 billion every year.
One of five dollars of the medical attention is based on the disease.
So today it's the most popular disease, and their cost would take a five times in the year 2010, as I sent the generation of the baby baby.
It may be surprised to them, but the San is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation of generation of us.
But it has been really a little bit to get it down.
Today, one of the 10 years of death around the world, the San is the only one that can't be able to be able to run or even reduce their development in it.
We understand less than the atmosphere than other diseases because we've invented less time and money in the research.
The U.S. government spend 10 times more than every year in the cancer of cancer than in the University of the fact that it costs us more the San and causes a number of death of death like cancer.
The lack of resources is to a more fundamental cause -- the lack of science.
Because this is what a few people know, but all the world should be a disease, and we can change it.
For most of the last 18 years, all of us, the scientists -- the scientists come up with an intervention.
We think going to be a sense of a normal part of a normal and invisible part of them.
But there is only to look at a picture of a picture of a brain brain in compared to the one of a patients to see the real physical day by this disease.
And I have been able to develop a high sea of memory and mental skills -- the day in the brain is going to the survival of the relationship of life, and it's always moral.
You remember the Dr. San States found planets and extra engineers in the brain of the Salam a century.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
We now know that they're made of proteins of proteins.
You can think about a professional molecule like a piece of paper that goes like a original.
There are places in the role that are parallel.
And when you get it well, these genetic dots end up in the environment.
But sometimes things go wrong -- and some people are going to be in the end.
So this makes the molecules have been put up between each other, to form groups that can form big planets and engineers.
That's what we see in the planet of patients with Sandan.
We have spent the last 10 years in the University of Canada trying to understand how this food works.
There are a lot of countries, and the notion of what happens to be complex is complex -- as you get a box.
It could be able to be able to do anything.
It can be able to do the others that you can have to do it.
So you have to find the right step that brings it, and then create a drug that you do.
So until a little bit in their biggest part of them have changed the cells and hope the best thing.
But now there is a different group of people -- doctors -- biologists, biologists, physicists, physical and mathematics and mathematics.
And together, we've made a critical step in the process -- now it's going to be likely a new kind of drugs that bring up this step to stop the disease.
I'm going to show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it.
Let's look at a few video videos of what happened when we tried to test these drugs in colleagues.
So these are the collection colleagues, and you can see that they move with neurons.
These streets, by the other hand, they have molecules of protect that they get into each other, as in humans with Stanford.
And you can see that they're clearly understanding.
But by giving us our new faces to these programs in an early stage, then we see they go and live a normal life.
This is just a positive result of it, but the research like this shows that the Sun is a disease that we can understand and change.
After 18 years of hope -- there is real hope that you can do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope -- to come to the South Allen, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince that the San is a disease and that if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases and the patients and their families have been more research and excited about governments on governments -- for scientific industry and legislations.
That was essential to get up in the treatment of HIV at the end of the 80 percent.
Today, we see that same college to come to cancer.
But the patient patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families -- the common viruses of their beings were left and night, they're often too hard to go out and get up for change.
So it really depends on you.
The atmosphere is not in most of a genetic disease.
All the world with a brain.
Today, there are 40 million patients like South, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
You help you talk about them, and you help you to get a career.
Thank you.
I put this article in the New York City.
In order to go out of something, do this.
And the article is about a political study -- design to create religious love in the lab, and from my own experience to test it a night in the last summer of it.
So the problem is quite simple -- two strange teams are taken up to make 35 questions more and more people, and then they look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of example.
Number 12 12, if you could be able to put down with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 23, when it was the last time that I was going to do to another person, right?
And right?
And as you get up, these are more personal time.
Number 30 -- -- I really like it to your wife what you get out of him or her, I know very much this time, and I gave things that you would not say to someone who has ever been known with you.
When I took up with this study a few years ago, a reality really called me the attention -- the bird that two of the participants had been spent six months later, and I invented all of the lab to the color.
So it was a student about this process of making love love, but from then, I was also invented.
And when I had the time to test this study -- with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to figure.
And we were like, and  and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Columbian Monterey -- a few months later.
That was published in energy -- and now it's a record, so I guess some of you are probably asking you to ask you, follow together.
And the reason I think is that this is because they have been done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk today.
But let's go back to the issue.
A week before they were going to put the article was very nervous before.
I had been working on a robotic book in the last few years, so I was willing to write about my experience in the right love in my baby.
But a baby inside it can come back to a few hundreds of view as a lot -- and those were basically just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in New York Times would probably take a few thousands of view.
And that's a good amount of attention in a relatively new relationship to it.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published on a line for the night, and the subject, this happened in the transition of my baby.
And the dark, I had been called the State State and the Great America America.
In one month -- the article came over eight million videos -- and I was going to say something, a little bit.
So one thing is to be able to write the trust to write with the concept of our own money experience, but another thing is to figure out that the love life of one has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship to it.
And when people call or write -- what they did every day for weeks -- always they did the same question -- still the same question.
In fact, when I was paying this talk, I made a quick line in the bottom of my office with the family, "When do you get them?
And a few messages came up with a little bit of messages.
They were of students and perfect extra things like this.
I was interested in the rich and asked it.
Even a talk -- and a woman who went up to the stage to the state, "The Mario where is your name?
And I was immediately ready.
I understand this is part of the time.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel about it.
But I was not prepared for the answer of the answer.
The 35 questions seem to have gotten out of life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complete article for San Valley, who including the experience of the laws to test the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first picture to all this attention was to be very responsible with my own relationship to me.
I said not to every period that we both did a public access together.
Reading terms of Telescope, and records of pictures of us.
I think I was afraid to become the intervention of the program in the process of the program that I did not feel about what I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study works. They wanted to know if it really works if I was able to produce love love -- not just a selection, not just a selection, but love love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer me.
My relationship had just just a few months old, and I felt about all, that people were going on the wrong question.
How do you know if you would get together or not, and you have to do it?
If the answer was not, I would do the experience of doing these 35 more questions less interesting questions.
Dr. Art Arthur wrote first about these questions in this same study in the same study in 2010, and there, the goal of the research was not to produce love love.
Instead of that, I would look for an entire activity between college students -- using what they were called Professor personal personality, programmers and report.
It sounds relatively, right?
But the study does work.
Particles were more comfortable after doing it. A lot of stress studies also used the Prize Project of Arabic as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between extraordinary.
They have been used between members of the police and the community, and they have been used between people of political policy.
The original version of the story, which is the last summer -- which is a personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- it was based on this article -- but unfortunately, it was never possible.
A few months ago, I was giving a little bit in a little universe in a small University of language, and then a student came up to me, and he said to me and he told me the study and didn't work.
He seemed for it for it.
And I said, you want to tell you that you love the person who did it?
Well, he did a pattern.
I think she just wants to be friends.
And I said, but they became better friends.
Did you feel that I know that I would know better after you would try to try and test the student?
And so on.
So, I said, I said.
But I don't think that was the answer that he looks like.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you is looking for when it comes to love.
I went up with the study for the first time when I was 99 and I was going to be a really hard way.
I had had that relationship since I was 20 -- what I was supposed to probably all my entire life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I put it in science.
And I guess what I could find about the science of the religious love, and I hope that that could be a certain way to take the heart.
I don't know if I realized this in the moment I thought that only research for the book that I wrote but in responsibility, it looks really obvious.
I thought that if I went up with the knowledge of love love, I would never have to feel so bad and just like I felt like that.
And all of this knowledge has been useful from one or another way.
I am more patients with love -- I am more related.
I have more trust to explore what I look for.
But I can also see more clearly -- and I can realize that what it looks like.
What you search from love is a galaxy, not just to be love today and going to be forced in the morning, but that it will continue to be love by the person that I love.
It may be that this is the ball on which people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told us about 35 questions is that there might be a accident to stop.
There may be a way for a way to move something from the environmental risk -- and this is a very attractive story, because it will be able to make us feel wonderful, but it's also a strange.
But I think when it comes to love, we are very willing to accept the right version of history.
The version of the story that I ask -- still follow together.
And their content with an answer of know or not.
So more than a question, I will make sure that we make more difficult questions like, like, how do you decide who you want your love and who right?
How do you make sure that things are completely completely constructed, and how do you know when to run and discover?
How do you live with the investment that you can increase a relationship -- or even more, how do you live with your paradise?
I don't know necessarily the answer to these questions, but I think they are a good beginning to have a more significant conversation about what it means to love someone to someone like that.
So if you want the version of the story of my relationship -- it's a year ago, a year ago, and I get a study designed to create love love -- we still get together, and I am very much.
But it's not going to be the same thing that you can stay in.
This is the easy.
So at the end of my journey I wrote -- love not happened.
We want to take it down because we take the choice of it.
And I got a little bit about reading it right now, not because it's not true, but because in the moment, I had not considered everything that happened that choice.
I don't think how many times we would have both of them to take that decision and how much of you will have to continue to do that choice without knowing if he always took me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done it and answer 35 questions, would have been able to love someone as good as general, and there will have been that choice in the largest day.
But what I've done in change is to become my relationship in the kind of time that I don't think true.
And what I'm looking for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that that moment is true.
And I want the final happy to be the translation of my art, which is, in the way, the only part of the car that actually didn't write on.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose somebody like that, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's a strange, but that's the treatment with love.
Thank you.
And I was raised by a lot of men in the middle and a certain way.
The city in New York does a time ago --  -- something that really happened to me, but more detailed to me.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a way, and I was able to get a biology of a dollar -- a paradigm and a person in it in a place.
And I thought that a few extraordinary humans or a few of them would find this box about 500 years later, and they learned how our kind of interesting ideas -- for example, how we eat spaces.
I had no idea.
All of all, it has thank you because here I am -- 30 years later, and I'm still doing backs.
In a moment I was in Harvard -- I like to go out of experience and make up and all of those records -- and I was doing a color for my mother and all of those things.
And I took a diagram and I took it all the page and I made a kind of climate chips to the Standard State and the corner of recording and a box was addicted.
Well, my mother has fear to the bees and it is all the way to them, so I get more recognized in the ground -- think I could get it out.
In change, it happened the control, in some way it seemed like a size -- as if I was looking at the text with a line.
So I did that, I built more boxes.
So this time, I started to add electronic elements -- rooms, basic electrons that I was finding on the street -- everything I could find -- because I was looking for things all my life, trying to connect them and tell stories about these objects about these objects about.
So I was going to draw around the objects and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can be able to be able to be able to give you the same thing that you do about a color in the control of the collection.
And I got the objects and I created my own international specialists.
First, biologists that you can make an idea.
And then I did a little bit of interesting and extraordinary creatures of it.
It was very hard to draw in the records of restaurant.
And it was great -- because I started to get explorations and those things, and I was making some money, to take my night to control, for example, go to Sand.
It was strong, man.
In some point I was interested in the human form of human structures with terms of human beings within the careers.
It was great, except for one thing, I love it.
I didn't know what to do, because the answer was going to kill me.
And I was going to go to the box every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use life.
I began to draw in the cardiovascular cars, similar in a window -- then in another window and another window -- and I had all of these theories together that would be a traditional computer.
And this really work, and so I could stop using the response.
So I did this for years -- and my work is a very big thing, which I call "mother."
For the arm, I was interested in a lot of media in the street of the Lawing Harvards, which is a place in the Medical Medical Monster.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic cold.
They say it's a little bit.
Well, the argument. Let me explain this piece for you.
It goes up with 150 miles away.
500 meters long.
It has a different face -- so it's 10 meters of company.
It's a little bit.
Well, that's the source of the blood.
On the left of the left is Jersey and the languages.
There's a cave where all of these creatures with animals will travel between two world.
They go out of the world of the responsibility, to this world of high millimeter where they come in.
So here is where the creatures with animals are going to go to the face -- ready to support them in the ocean.
The ocean is about thousands of elements.
This is a little bit of a parachute to a stranger.
Bill Gallery is in the sea -- the Hollywood -- the Hollywood Project -- Warren, the Rosetta Berning Brown Linux, there are all kinds of things that can find if you look very well in the ocean.
All of them also kind of a sort of management.
It's coming out of the ocean -- and it takes oil in a hand as the other hand is going on.
Their hands are like banks, and it looks like a military being that it takes the Earth and we have it in a basis.
So that's a substance of the strategy.
It's a little bit of a normal.
That is the hand in which I started.
And then, when you go to the other hand, it has a transportation, like a little bit of parallel, and you have a clothes of this transportation.
It also has a state of 5,000 feet a little bit of a little bit.
In all of all, your color is going to be able to put on a video.
I don't know why I spent that.
You know, you know.
His color ended up in a global screen of collaboration made from the 1970s of 1980.
Have you seen them.
They were done in the 19th century, as if they were bankers of terrorists.
All right.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects -- you call "programmers?
It's about a six years to do 100 of these human beings to do.
Every one is a record of our culture, through media and material are constructive, digital or records.
But every single one is like a kind of access in ways to be human -- and they travel in groups of 20 or 12 or 12 to the time.
They are like cells -- they get them away.
And you can walk between them. It's taking years.
Every single one is basically a piece of mission that has been 130 miles with a human human.
So this has a little control in the face.
That's the head -- it's the character, you can get into the intervention.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body, there is a color that comes out of the region, and it gives him the open or not what's going to do, a kind of thing.
It's a quick room of these workers because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have careers, you can see.
This is a body body for half of it.
This has two head, and it's communicate between the two.
There are a few planets that go out and go into the head of this strange space.
There is a little moral state within the typical quality of the terrifying.
Can you see it?
From all of us, this talk is about these boxes, just like the box we live in.
We're in a box -- the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a biology. It's called Parkinson's Police.
In this box there is a physics -- a market, a medicine, a medicine, a medicine, a method, a method, a memory, a school, a school arm that does all the content that we do in the world, and a garden.
We think of the box and all the people in the middle of a few of them as long as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you remember who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we all are together in this, that this notion that we are different -- these concept of the countries, of course, of religion -- it doesn't work.
We are all very made of the same material and in the same way.
And if we don't start to figure out those things with death and eventually we are all going to die very soon as well.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give them the head.
They take a paradigm.
But so that this language has an effect against the pain -- first of all, the institutions and other regions.
It will take a planet is the most effective system and let me just be able to be able to be able to be an effect support in the body.
The destruction, yet it is that when you make it any drug dependence.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients.
When you take the artificial drugs -- these are going to be able to develop the amount of virus in the blood and increase the reason of CO2 cells.
But they are also known by their own security effects -- in their most neurons -- because in the time they are going to get to the high sea, they say, and worse even because of the time you get to get up to your destiny, which is where it is more important in the DNA design.
These are areas of the body like the literature climate, the networks -- the policeman system, where the virus is innovation, and it doesn't get up in the top of the patients that are supposed to be able to get up with the article democratic.
However, after the interaction of the treatment -- the virus can stop and increase new cells.
So this is the great problem of the treatment of HIV with the current democracy that is an act of life activity by the ocean.
And one day, I sat up and I thought, "We could be able to get the treatment directly to the vision of the virus, without the risk of distances.
As a scientific experience in leaders -- the answer was in front of me, the leaders of course.
If you use it in organization, for the colleague of horrible and carbon classrooms, you can be used for anything else, including the international treatment of the medical transportation.
In fact, we are already using them to be used to open or provide extremely small holes -- which open and keep almost the cells that are interested with HIV in order to identify the medicines.
The best thing they say, "How is that possible?
We sent a little little and powerful record on the cell member of the colleagues as that these cells are interested in a language that comes the face.
And the read is the cells, while the cell comes up in a matter of microscopes.
Before I would even realize that, the hole is reading immediately.
Now we're going to try this technology in the view or in parallel planets, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can question.
Well, the answer is, through a transportation of three head.
With the first head, which is our laws -- we will make an investment in the site of information.
The second head -- which is a camera -- it goes to the site of information.
And finally, the third head, a third of the destiny, which is going directly in the site of the information, while the law is used in new to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't look a lot of time.
But one day, if it has success -- this technology can be connected to the total equivalent of HIV of the body.
Yeah. A car for HIV.
This is the dream of the whole research of HIV in our case, in our case, an treatment with language.
Thank you.
In the last decade -- I've been studying groups of strategies not scales, organic organisms like terrorism, interventions or military.
And what they do is what these groups do when they're not going on.
My goal is to understand better to these genes of violence and study ways of looking at the transition of the basic attention to the control control.
I do work work in the world of politics and in the baby.
And to understand these groups is key to solve almost all of the conditions in course, because war has changed.
I used to be a destruction between the state.
It's not.
It's now a conflict between the states and artists not golf.
For example, in the age of the 1950s that are made between 73 percent of 1980 and 2010, 18 percent of a state of a state and a normal action.
So we need to understand these groups -- we even have to put them into any of them in any process of successful conditions.
But how do you do that?
We have to know what it is for these organizations to them.
We know very well the reasons why they say, how do they do it, but no one is going to get what they do when they don't read it.
And the strange street and political policy are released.
It's all part of the same organization of it.
We can't understand these groups -- not a lot less to stop them, without a global view.
The broad groups today are complex organizations today.
For example, the Law London, known by his virtual control against India.
From his creation in the decade in the 19th century, Healard also has a political park -- a network of social services and a military access.
In the same way, the Hollywood Harvard, known by their attacks in Australia as well.
And so these groups do more than just going on.
They're malaria.
They have a complex map of control, statements of telescope, states of TV and strategies of the Internet and strategies in social areas.
And here you have the Arabic record, you put it into English and put it to relate.
The broken groups are also involved in a complex relationship of force with sense, but by real business business -- for example, companies of companies.
These activity are key to them.
They allow these groups to increase their forces, and they are going to be able to be able to be able to get better and build their market.
The broken groups are also doing something else -- they create the more strong lights with their population to invest in social services as well.
They build schools -- they put hospitals, they put into a problem of professional form or microbes.
Hello support all these services and more.
The broken groups are also trying to move to the population to support something that the state is not wrong, security and protein.
The accident of the teams in a war in the war or even the beginning of AIDS access, you can also understand the effects of these groups for self-end security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, the security has a precise price for the population.
But in fact, to make social services mean to be a value -- a galaxy left by the government, and they allow these groups to be able to be able to increase their power.
So for example, the end of the total version of the political hours can't understand without recognize the social work of the group.
It's a really complex school, even in the West -- when we go back to the ground groups -- we just think about the virtual side.
But that is not enough to understand the forces of these groups -- the structure or a long way to look like.
These groups are horrible.
They grew up because they fly down the government, and they put up as a bunch of traditional and political groups.
And the more complex and software and software are these organizations -- we can be able to bring them as a state to a state.
How would I call a group like Charles?
They give you part of a terrible, you take all of your work, you get the barrel, you take the strategy system.
Is it a state? Is it a group of real?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is AIDS."
And the lines are desperately.
We live in a world of states without state and horrible, and the more distribution are the states -- like in the Middle East in the middle of the middle -- more interested and they fly that gap the arms of notions.
This is important for the government, because to control these groups will have to invest more millions.
It will be able to look at the government of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is a very important thing to get up and make the peace as well.
If we understand better groups to the broadcasting groups -- we understand better what they are going to support to make the transition of violence to not violence.
In this new device between states and activities -- the military power can be able to make a few balls, but we don't give us peace or stranger.
In order to make these objects we need a long way to fly that high sea, to fly that collaboration of government that allows these groups to pay in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a family as a woman and as a friend.
My colleagues about the government of government are seeking, but I have to be able to increase the strange statement of the "beginning, it would be invented for the friends.
I'm a familiar but pretty bad.
And so I got a bad face.
Or, at least I wrote an article and a book called the bad friendly, and then in the interventions, people started to call the Mars Mars.
So what I started as a personal brand to myself and a dead program, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young -- especially in my home and the 20 years, I had strange ideas about the friends, these permission women -- these people who were addicted with the men and they used the sex -- as if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how the women are treated all over the world and the world, in particular -- it looks like a perfect answer.
But in that time, I was worried about the thing that I was using people to figure out that it could be free.
It will be a strategy as an artist was a strategy, a word and determined word and depression.
And they took me like a woman who doesn't follow the rules -- which is a lot of architecture -- and it would be able to believe that it's just like a man or a man.
No one wants to be that basic woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
With the time, as I was growing up, I began to figure out that I'm in fact, in fact, and also, and so on.
For me, certain supplies are relatively, women are equal to men.
We need the same thing for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want it, free or violence.
We have a right way to use an easy way to be able to use it and the relationships and relationships.
We have the right to decide about our body, without needs of profit or destruction of education.
We have the right.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have our other ideas.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body.
We have to have these differences and how they come together, in the same way that it matters what we have in a common thing.
With this kind of intervention, our friendly is not anything.
For me, these truth are excited -- but to be clear, I'm a democracy.
I'm full of controls.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad friend.
I have another thing.
When I go to the work, I heard a lot of random music to all visit it.
Even though the language descriptions to women and I gave me a lot of dead, the Charles Stanford State Silicon is amazing.
"It really has to do with your money market.
Because I would go up until you get the collaboration."
Think about it.
You know, right?
I am completely died by my musical lives.
I think in the work of the man -- which is all I don't want to do, including -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- but they will also kill insects -- the record of back, the concept of the control and the show of manipulation.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The room is my favorite color one.
It depends on the bottom of the motor and the bad things.
I can look at the Ballottopheres, and the red companies, and I have face forces of the stories that make it reality.
Some of my deaths are more depressed.
If a woman wants to add the end of their husband -- it's their choice -- and I'm not who to play.
If a woman decided to stay in home to create their children, I took that choice as well.
The problem is not that it becomes economic evidence through this same choice -- the problem is that our society is consumed in a way that makes women be economic when they choose them.
We solve this problem.
And I remember the concept of the concept that has been interested in or described the need of the needs of color women and terrible and terrible and terrible women.
You know, if that's good friendly, I'm a very bad face.
It also happens the next thing -- as a friendly, I feel a lot of pressure.
So we have this trying to put up anti-completely destruction in a pressure.
We hope that they were going to be depressed.
When we get them together, we would take them up with a lot like the same property where we put them.
As I said, I am a device, I already think about that pressure before they try to put there.
So too many women, particularly the innovations and the leaders of the sector -- they have a fear of being straight like ants.
They have fear to put up and say, "Yes, I am a family of fear that it means that stage, by fear not to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
Let's take for example, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a definitely dead family.
And in the National Medical Mexico in Mars, in MIT, it takes in the word of the word from three meters of ancestor.
It was a male special, looking at this story of the power to be able to get the framework and make women know the women and the young men who will be freezed is something to be organized.
And I spent the time, the cultural creatures started basic distances if Bronx was or not pretty surprised.
They collected their friendly, instead of just believe the word of a woman and multiple woman.
So let's take perfect of the friends, because we're still listening to a lot -- we want a lot, we need so much a lot.
We are going to be a lot beyond the feeling of the feeling and construction, to develop the framework of any woman, and let me tell you that it doesn't have anything.
We don't need to do that.
And the bad face, or more well, a more including particular point is the point.
But what's going on?
We went to recognize our minds to give up the action and be a little bit more value.
If I hear a medical music -- I am creating a drug for artists that would be more than happy to be able to provide a little bit of pressure.
These artists will not change their way to talk about the women in their song until we get the change of the change of their colleagues.
However, it's hard to be difficult.
Why has your music to be so fun.
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to make a worst choice.
But when the bad decisions are going to be more difficult for women to get the animal, the quality that we all need and is our responsibility to us.
I think about my surgeons, three and four years.
They are two manufacturing children -- decided and deeply -- and also very value. I want you to grow in a world.
So where you give them the strong creatures that are.
I think of them, of course, the best choice is going like something much easier to do.
We can all take better decisions together.
We can change the colleague when a television program comes to sexual violence against women as a death, and it comes to the Columbian Congo.
We can change the risk of risk when we listen to women who treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go into the top in another part when the film don't treat women more than as a different objects as well.
We can stop to support the professional details where the animals treat their companies as a bank cards.
In any case, the men -- especially men can say, "No, I'm not going to put up in your record, and you can be able to put up in your project, or work with you, until you don't include a enough number of women, so much to be able to make decisions as well.
I'm not going to work with you until your population or your organization is more connected with a more strong gallery of people.
Those of us who are supported but they are invited to participate in this kind of project, we can also be able to be involved until more like us as we are going to be able to save the backs to the designers of decisions in them.
Because we are not a little bit of professionals. without these effects, without adding these positions, our dogs are going to feel very little to it.
We can put these little act of value.
We can also be able to get up with our friendly, well, bad or any open.
The last line of my book, "Marshall France, says, "I would be a bad friend to not be in all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons but I say, above all, because I got my voice to me, and the friendly helped me get it.
There was an income.
I call it interview to make what happened.
And a few kids gave me when I was very young -- and I didn't know that kids can do this to a guy.
They tried me as if it was.
I began to believe that it wasn't anything.
And they had my voice, and after everything I was not going to believe that I could say something that could be.
But I was writing on.
And I went back to it.
I became a more strong version of myself.
And the words of those women who could understand a story like me, and the women who look like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the sea skin in this world.
The words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I began to believe that my voice is powerful than you can measure it.
through the written and the fraction, I also found that if it was a little bit of a little bit of a woman -- another woman could hear and see that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to say we are.
In one hand, I have the power to do anything else.
And in the other hand, I feel the human reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad friend, I'm a good woman -- I'm trying to improve my way to think about what I say and what I do, without taking everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little bit, when you need a little bit of as long as you need it to be like it.
Just after the last year last year, 120 children in California, they had to be able to have been seen by the street or to be explored to someone who had been there.
The virus then comes up with the control with California, including more than 100 children in George.
One of the basic things about this slide is that the fact that it can be familiar for a child with a child system, it's one of the most popular diseases in the world.
There is an effective value against this from a century, but a lot of the kids involved in the British Brazil didn't have been valued because their parents had a fear of something like that, the artist.
But a moment, it was not the article that I developed the police of the artist and the development vaccines, depression and market for being a fraction of the British Mexico Jesse."
Do you do not believe the majority of smart scientists that the theory is going to cause antibiotic is a strategy?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world continue to have to have the vaccines to get their children to have an artist.
Why?
Here's why I'm here.
This is a group of the entrepreneurs of the increase in the time.
For most of the 20th century, the artist was considered a very low disease.
The little paradigm and pressure that I had heard about her to develop all their professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades -- the proteins of pressure came up as only three or four children for every 10 dollars.
But then, in the decade of 19th century, the numbers started to stop.
Or organizations of forces as Australia Superintention are actually made up to antibiotic as an education, as if I could get from another child in Denience.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
So if you ask people from the center of the control of the University of Congo and what's going on, they tend to go back in frames like cardiovascular distances, and the best device of cases to explain these basic classrooms.
But that kind of language is not a lot of language.
So if the digital crisis had to be able to get up, why were they so related to the first?
Why were the cases of antibiotic advantages to find before the 1980s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answer to these questions.
I learned that what happened is less than to do with the legislation and the quality of science that with the energy power of nature.
For most of the 20th century, the doctors told a story about what's the artist and how this story was described, but that story turned out to be fantastic, and the consequences of the same are having a different impact in the global health health.
There was a second story of the artist that had been lost and support in the dark little clothes of the clinical language.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child protein, and I read Kanta Jones from the Hospital John Hollywood -- in 1987, Kanta published an article that described 18 young patients who seemed to be able to have the private world, and the people in their around, even their own parents, even their own parents there.
They were able to do for hours to put their hands up to their hands -- but they were presented from the private of the personality as when he didn't put their favorite pathological in their own place without knowing them.
And over the basis of patients treated in their climate, David species that the artist is very rare.
So by the decade of 2010, as a major artist of the world in the world, they said that I had seen less than 150 real cases of their support as I was able to go back from places as far as South Africa.
So this is actually not going to be exploring, because the colleagues of Kartlin was very religious for it.
For example, I would have to give you that slide to children with children, but now we know that the evolution is very common in the artist.
Once he had become nine in every 10 children sent up by other drugs to their control for being an artificial distance without giving them a distance of antibiotics.
Kanta was a smart man, but part of their theory were not cool.
Compassion is like a form of the children who have been able to fall up for fathers and stress.
These kids, he said, they have been taken up in a relationship that no development.
At the same time, yet Kark noticed that some of their patients had some special skills that were born in certain areas like music -- the math and the memory of it.
One of the kids in their cell could be able to tell us between 18 degrees before I was going to get the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite designers, he certainly said, "Well."
But Japan had a bad thing of these ability to deal with things like kids were just getting up what they had heard to their parents -- they decided to keep their approach.
As a result of it, the artist became source for the families -- and two generation of children who were sent up to institutions for their own well, become invisible for the world in the world.
It was not until the decade of 19th that the researchers started to try to test the theory of Kanta that the artist was red.
London William, pressure of London, I thought that the theory of the stem mothers was pretty straightforward.
She and her husband John were people who were climate and security and they had a little bit who was called Department called South.
Let me start and John knew how hard it was to make a child like Sun without supercomputer security, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagram.
In order to stop the National Institute of the health that they needed more resources for the automobile children and their families and his colleagues and his colleagues Jone General decided to do something that should be 30 years before.
They made a sense of automobile protection in the genetic population.
They put a subject of London called Colombian to try to find the children in the community.
What you saw is that the Mars model was too clean -- because the actual reality was a lot more color and a difference.
Some kids could not talk at all, while other people were involved in their favorite for artist, in the digital or in the generation of reality.
On the other way, these kids were not going to go in a little bit of biological and self-interview, as Julian said, and you saw a lot of them, much more than the mental model of Kenya would have been presented.
In the beginning, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have come from these kids before.
But let me first find a revolution to a public article in 1985, the next year, the next year, the next year of Kanta, and then you get up under the controls of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember it.
Kenya knew about this article of the computer, but I was able to think about it in their own work.
There was no even a transportation to English -- but of course, the list of London was talking about, and he took it for it.
The fact is a strange story.
His car was a man called Hawking State, who gave a climate climate with an interesting school in the 1970s in the 1980s.
The ideas of Paul for children with children who were likely to learn were products even for construction states.
The morning in their camera started with kinds of experiences with music, and children follow their games on the ground.
Instead of put to the parents of care to the parents to cause antibiotics, State the describe of the life of life that it would have made some computer societies of support and space space during the transition of all life.
Instead of trying to treat kids in their cell as patients as patients -- I would call them their little teachers -- and it was willing to help in the development of education.
And finally, I looked at the artist as a little bit of a difference that would take a variety of dolphins and distance.
He believed that anti-political and artists were controlled and they always have always been -- looking at the top of this conference in architecture of known in the entire culture as the social science and the problem designed.
He was even more even even to say, than the success in science and art -- a little bit of artist is essential.
Let me just find out that Kenya was wrong in which the artist was interviewer, as well as the parents were the cars.
In the next few years, they were working on the American United States in order to get the control of the direction that they would take the diversity of what they called "The structure of an automatical station."
At the end of the late 80 and the beginning of the 90 -- their changes come into a video -- supporting the free model of Kanta for a month and invention of Sandan.
These changes are not going to come up in a short way.
Completely when London and John worked between architects to bring these crowds, people all over the world will see an article access for the first time.
Before I came up with experiments -- I was going to have a little career, and I was going to be a little concept, and then I was going to be able to tell you what the artist, but after the intervention of Dentance Harvard and the Red Red Mars, with four protections of the Arabic, penguins, paradigm, paradigm and parents around the world knew what the artist.
At the same time, the first time, the first few easy cells to use the artist.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little concept of experts to get a digital for his son for it.
The combination of "Marketple Mars, the changes in the crowds and the interaction of these test would create an effect of a network -- a perfect transformation of the concept of the automobile.
And the number of differences started to go up, the same thing that they were looking at London and Jones, in fact they would expect that the people with anti-political and their families finally got the support and the services that were moving.
So Andrew Warren came back to the vaccines by the device in the distances -- a simple -- and a simple story -- it was as bad as the theory of Kanta that the artist was interactive.
If the current structure of the center that one of every 60 children in the United States are in the space -- it's right -- it is one of the largest basic groups in the world.
In the last few years, people have been used in the Internet to reduce the idea that they are the paradigm to solve for the new doctors -- and it will look at the neurons that are able to change the quality of human cognitive cells.
One way to understand nature is to think about terms of human systems.
And the fact that a PCB doesn't work with World, it doesn't mean it's right.
And by the other hand, the normal human brain is extremely difficult -- which is extremely difficult, and it sounds from an attention of attention to democracy.
However, people who have distributions to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we are still taking Asia, who believed that the call for the most basic aspect of antibiotic is actually in the understanding of the teachers -- electricity communities, and the parents in the potential of their children.
One woman named Alabama Carolina once said one time, we need all of the hands in order to make the back of humanity."
As we go back to an open future, we need all the forms of human intelligence in the planet to make the challenges that we find as a society.
We can't allow us to figure out a brain.
Thank you.
